"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"category"	"duration"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"
"Actuary"	"£600 - £850 per Day"	"Stirling, Scotland"	"Contract"	"Actuary"	"Stirling, Scotland - £600 - £850 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"ActuaryWorking with Prudential as an Actuary means becoming part of a brand with a global reputation, a remarkable history and exciting plans for the future. If you're inspired to join us, and if you have the necessary qualities, then this could be the opportunity you've been looking for.At Prudential we're absolutely focused on getting the best outcomes for customers. Ours is one of the most profitable and trusted names in life and pensions, and we lead the market in a number of pension products. Across the world, we look after £635 billion in savings and investments for 24 million customers (as at June 2017).This role requires a part qualified/qualified Actuary who has practical experience across a range of Finance specialisms. The main duties of the role are:To produce and be accountable for the technical accuracy of financial information to support the production of actuarial analysis, models and reportsTo provide specialist technical advice and guidance on the application of actuarial principles and tools to support business objectives, coaching and guiding less experienced members of the teamTo provide technical expertise to design technical solutions as part of change projects within Finance where requiredPeople who work at Prudential agree that ours is a great place to work with a brilliant team spirit. It's also an innovative, high-performing commercial environment that's totally focused on customers. And in a fast-changing world, you'll join an organisation that's leading the way in helping customers achieve their long-term financial goals.At Prudential we work hard to create an environment that enables everyone to flourish and we actively encourage diversity across the business. "	"Stirling, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	"Executive"	"6 months"	"01/01/2019"	"£600 - £850 per Day"	"Resource Solutions - M&G Prudential"	"Martyn Jack"	"JS-1111862"	"05/12/2018 10:08:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllsW"
"Actuary"	"£600 - £650 per Day"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Contract"	"Actuary"	"Reading, Berkshire - £600 - £650 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"ActuaryWorking with Prudential as an Actuary means becoming part of a brand with a global reputation, a remarkable history and exciting plans for the future. If you're inspired to join us, and if you have the necessary qualities, then this could be the opportunity you've been looking for.At Prudential we're absolutely focused on getting the best outcomes for customers. Ours is one of the most profitable and trusted names in life and pensions, and we lead the market in a number of pension products. Across the world, we look after £635 billion in savings and investments for 24 million customers (as at June 2017).This role requires a part qualified/qualified Actuary who has practical experience across a range of Finance specialisms. The main duties of the role are:To produce and be accountable for the technical accuracy of financial information to support the production of actuarial analysis, models and reportsTo provide specialist technical advice and guidance on the application of actuarial principles and tools to support business objectives, coaching and guiding less experienced members of the teamTo provide technical expertise to design technical solutions as part of change projects within Finance where requiredPeople who work at Prudential agree that ours is a great place to work with a brilliant team spirit. It's also an innovative, high-performing commercial environment that's totally focused on customers. And in a fast-changing world, you'll join an organisation that's leading the way in helping customers achieve their long-term financial goalsAt Prudential we work hard to create an environment that enables everyone to flourish and we actively encourage diversity across the business. "	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"6 months"	"01/01/2019"	"£600 - £650 per Day"	"Resource Solutions - M&G Prudential"	"Martyn Jack"	"JS-1111862"	"05/12/2018 09:45:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllZi"
"Actuary"	"£600 - £650 per day"	"Reading"	"Permanent"	"Actuary"	"Reading - £600 - £650 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"ActuaryWorking with Prudential as an Actuary means becoming part of a brand with a global reputation, a remarkable history and exciting plans for the future. If you're inspired to join us, and if you have the necessary qualities, then this could be the opportunity you've been looking for.At Prudential we're absolutely focused on getting the best outcomes for customers. Ours is one of the most profitable and trusted names in life and pensions, and we lead the market in a number of pension products. Across the world, we look after £635 billion in savings and investments for 24 million customers (as at June 2017).This role requires a part qualified/qualified Actuary who has practical experience across a range of Finance specialisms. The main duties of the role are:To produce and be accountable for the technical accuracy of financial information to support the production of actuarial analysis, models and reportsTo provide specialist technical advice and guidance on the application of actuarial principles and tools to support business objectives, coaching and guiding less experienced members of the teamTo provide technical expertise to design technical solutions as part of change projects within Finance where requiredPeople who work at Prudential agree that ours is a great place to work with a brilliant team spirit. It's also an innovative, high-performing commercial environment that's totally focused on customers. And in a fast-changing world, you'll join an organisation that's leading the way in helping customers achieve their long-term financial goals.At Prudential we work hard to create an environment that enables everyone to flourish and we actively encourage diversity across the business. "	"Reading, UK"	"Finance"	"Executive"	"6 months"	NA	"£600 - £650 per day"	"Resource Solutions - M&G Prudential"	"Martyn Jack"	"JS-1111862"	"07/12/2018 16:31:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6oE"
"Actuarial Contractor - Financial Reporting"	"£550 - £700 per Day"	"South West England"	"Contract"	"Actuarial Contractor - Financial Reporting"	"South West England - £550 - £700 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Contractor - Financial ReportingSanderson Recruitment is looking to recruit an Actuarial Manager to join a major life insurance business based in the South West. The job holder will take a senior role in the valuations workstream team.The team are responsible for understanding and explaining movements in reported results due to differences between old and new platformsPerson specification:Qualified ActuaryStrong technical understanding of Financial ReportingUse of Prophet and Actuarial Reporting would be desirableGood analytical skills and strong attention to detailExcellent written and oral communication skills"	"South West England, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"6 months"	NA	"£550 - £700 per Day"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Erik Snaathorst "	"JS-ES019"	"07/12/2018 12:45:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5UC"
"General Insurance Actuary"	"£70k - £85k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"General Insurance Actuary"	"London - £70k - £85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"How would you like to work for a global, top 4 consultancy? Lynx Recruitment are working closely with their client as they go through a period of extensive growth, now looking to take on board Senior Consultants to be involved in a variety of areas. Key areas of involvement: IFRS17 Solvency II Actuarial modelling Capital management Reserving Required Skills: Sound knowledge of the non-life industry Application of knowledge to a wide variety of situations Experience in at least one of the areas above A strong academic background in the actuarial industry Strong communication skills Required Experience: Be actively involved in multiple projects of a technical nature The ability to manage small groups of Actuarial trainees Comfortability in dealing with an extensive list of clients including face-to-face meetings Assist with business development While an extensive skill set is naturally important, our client places an equal value on a strong and adaptable personality. The candidate must be multi-dimensional and willing to contribute wherever and whenever required. A great range of benefits are also on offer. If this is of interest then please do not hesitate to get in touch."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	"£70k - £85k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Joshua Wetson "	"JSJWACT1"	"06/12/2018 10:07:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GhFy2"
"MoSes Developer"	"Up to £800 per Day"	"United Kingdom"	"Contract"	"MoSes Developer"	"United Kingdom - Up to £800 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client is looking for an actuarial MoSes developer based on a 6 months contract - up to £800 per day The senior Actuarial Modeller role forms a key part of the Division Modelling Team that provides a group level modelling service - including Europe & UK. Supporting the Head of Actuarial Modelling and the team in the development and maintenance of MoSes Pricing, Valuation and Corporate modelling tools across all product lines and Business Units whilst also managing, coaching and developing less experienced Actuarial Modellers This allows the Actuarial Modeller to be exposed to a dynamic and extensive variety of models, products and treaties. This is a Front Office role from an internal perspective and the team interacts with the model users from all over the business on a daily basis. An example of a key project that the Actuarial Modeller will work on will be a model migration exercise scheduled in order to migrate all of the models to a new platform Must have coding experience in eg. C++ or Visual Basic Demonstrable interest in actuarial modelling and model development experience, preferably with knowledge of Life, CI, IP and Annuity/Longevity products Experience of using MoSes, RiskAgility FM or similar modelling platforms, including an understanding of the benefits and limitations of such platforms Advanced understanding of Microsoft Excel and Word Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to build and manage relationships with stakeholders in Actuarial and non-Actuarial teams If you are interested in this opportunity or looking for similar opportunities please feel free to contact our team."	"United Kingdom"	"IT"	"Executive"	"6 months"	"ASAP"	"Up to £800 per Day"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Joshua Wetson "	"JSJWMOS1"	"06/12/2018 10:07:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GhAMV"
"SQL/VBA Developer"	"£400 - £450 per Day +"	"Bristol"	"Contract"	"SQL/VBA Developer"	"Bristol - £400 - £450 per Day +"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"SQL/VBA DeveloperA SQL/VBA Developer is urgently required to join a Financial Services company for an initial 4 month contract with a guaranteed extension beyond this.The successful SQL/VBA Developer will be responsible for supporting a Cash Flow Management system, which brings together the Bank's Actuarial and Accounting data. This will involve picking up change requests via JIRA, coding, testing and putting these into production.Key Skills Required:SQL Server development experience (stored procedures & database design)Access VBA application development experienceExperience working in Agile delivery environmentsSoftware development life cycle (SDLC) experienceFinancial Services backgroundIf you have the relevant experience for this SQL/VBA Developer role then please apply with an updated copy of your CV.KEYWORDS: SQL/VBA DEVELOPER, SQL SERVER, STORED PROCEDURES, DATABASE DESIGN, ACCESS VBA, SDLC, JIRA, AGILE, CHANGE, FINANCIAL SERVICESOrgtel, a trading division of SThree Partnership LLP is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy "	"Bristol, UK"	"IT"	NA	"4 months"	"ASAP"	"£400 - £450 per Day +"	"Orgtel"	"Reem Altamore "	"JS-OT-33004425"	"05/12/2018 19:32:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glqht"
"Senior MI Analyst - Lloyds Insurance Market"	"£40k - £50k per annum + bonus, Pension, health etc"	"England"	"Permanent"	"Senior MI Analyst - Lloyds Insurance Market"	"England - £40k - £50k per annum + bonus, Pension, health etc"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Senior MI Analyst - Lloyds Insurance MarketMy client urgently requires an Senior MI Analyst to join a team based in their London HQ.THE ROLEAs a Senior MI Analyst you will join a team of 6 focused on producing reports to Lloyds for new syndicate acquisitions within the business. The team directly services the Claims, Actuarial and Finance teams setting up and managing the production of ASR, QSR, TPD and QMA Returns. This will see the Senior MI Analyst mapping and reconciling data by business class, settlement currency and year of account.The Senior MI Analyst will also produce templates for a variety of other reports utilised widely by the business and you will be called upon to supervise and train junior members of staff as the team continue to grow.THE REQUIREMENTS- Proven successful experience in a similar role producing MI Reports within the Insurance sector (Preferably Lloyd's Insurance Market)- Experience utilising Microsoft Excel, VBA & SQL - Familiarity with underwriting systems with the ability to analyse, interpret and review complex financial informationAny experience with data visualisation tools such as Cognos, SSIS or Tableau would be beneficial, however training will be provided.THE OFFER- Salary up to £50,000 + Bonus- 25 days holiday (+BHs)- Generous contributory pension- Health care- Life Assurance- Vouchers/Discounts- Cycle to work scheme- Travel loan- And more....THE COMPANYYour new employer is a global insurance with over 1,000 employees worldwide. They have a significant presence in the Lloyds Specialist Insurance market and continue to grow by leaps and bounds year on year.Internally they provide a modern, open and inclusive office environment and encourage team building on a regular basis. Here you will be supported to grow your career and will be provided with ample opportunity to continue with personal development.If you feel like this is the type of role for you, apply now and do not risk missing out!Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position."	"England, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	"£40k - £50k per annum + bonus, Pension, health etc"	"Lawrence Harvey"	"Mason Nathaniel "	"JS-HQ00085238"	"04/12/2018 10:30:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlZAr"
"Data Scientist"	"£30k - 42k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £30k - 42k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data ScientistInsuranceCity of LondonAn amazing opportunity for a talented Data Scientist to join the leading Specialty Insurance company to work within their technical pricing team. DUTIES:Develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to draw insights and shape the strategic direction of data usageTake part in expanding data processing and technical modelling frameworkEstablish efficient ways of implement segmentation and predictive modelsEnsure that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basisSKILLS & EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:Academic background in computer science, engineering, physics, actuarial science, statistics or Maths based equivalentExceptional statistical skills - experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques (eg linear or logistic regression, gradient boosted machines, random forest, regularisation, neural networks)Advanced data manipulation or experience of managing large-scale data sets within an analytical function (eg dplyr, pandas, SQL, etc.)Advanced experience of data science or analytics software like Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.Working knowledge of relevant development environments (eg PyCharm, RStudio, Visual Studio Code, eclipse) and Shell Scripting (eg Bash, PowerShell), version control (eg git, Subversion, Mercurial) etc.BENEFITS:As well as a competitive salary, this role also offers: Performance profit share bonus (c.12% of salary)25 days holiday plus bank holidaysEmployer pension contribution of 5%, with employee contribution of 3%+Income replacement insurance4 x salary life assurance You will also have access to flexible benefits, which are employee paid, and includes: holiday buy, gym membership, car salary sacrifice, critical illness insurance, health screening - allowing you the freedom to choose those that are most appropriate for you. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	"£30k - 42k per annum"	"HFG"	"Simona Zalyte "	"JSSZ143L"	"03/12/2018 12:02:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOSV"
"Data Project Manager"	"£550.00 - £600.00 per Day"	"Bromley, Kent"	"Contract"	"Data Project Manager"	"Bromley, Kent - £550.00 - £600.00 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Project Manager - Data - GDPR - SAS - Oracle - Insurance An urgent requirement has arisen for a Project Manager to join a leading Insurance organisation to work as part of a GDPR Programme. The Project Manager will be specifically required to lead a project which is focusing on implementing access controls to analytical users of data. There are two specific systems which they will be looking at - one is a Policy system and the other is Claims. The project is already in-flight and they are due to go into testing stages with the first delivery due in September next year. The Project Manager will be required to work closely with the data team in order to understand what changes needs to be made in order to fulfil the need. The data team are fairly unstructured therefore the Project Manager needs to be able to work in this kind of environment but must be able to put some structure into place in order to keep the delivery on track. The PM will need to be able to develop and update plans, manage risks and issues and liaise with stakeholders across multiple business areas including actuarial. In order to be considered for this role, you will be a strong Project Manager with a excellent background delivering projects within a Financial services environment, knowledge of Insurance in particular would be highly desirable. You will have good experience of managing data focussed projects and specific knowledge of Oracle and SAS would be particularly beneficial. GDPR knowledge would be a good to have, as would Data Privacy.What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Bromley, Kent, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"6 months"	NA	"£550.00 - £600.00 per Day"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment"	"Sarah Reising "	"JS-3474436"	"06/12/2018 17:22:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyiW"
"Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI"	"£70k - £75k per annum + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI"	"London - £70k - £75k per annum + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI, Insurance Applications & ACORDPermanentLondon£70,000 - £75,000 + Bonus + Benefits.This is a great opportunity to join a collaborative department within the reinsurance space. The team uses cutting edge technology and has a great work ethic.Working as a member of the European Technology Services team, provide application support and maintenance for my client's European reinsurance business applications and services. This includes assisting with the development, implementation and support of new applications and enhancements.Main Responsibilities:Plan, coordinate and manage the implementation of new and existing reinsurance applications namely Galaxy and IRIS applications respectively. This includes defining, setting up, configuring, performing systems testing, assisting user testing and training for any such application.Analyse and translate my client's business requirements into highly specified systems requirements.Ensure that all application change requests are processed according to Technology Services' Change Request procedures and compliant with any Group requirements.Support and maintain my clients electronic messaging systems used for its London market bureau processing functions and play a key role in the development and implementation of its new ACORD messaging solutions. A good understanding and knowledge of ACORD messaging is preferable, but we will consider candidates without Acord for this position.Develop and maintain data-sets used for MI and User reporting including exporting/importing data from/to other applications and Data Warehouses.Ensure Information Management budgets are adhered to and deadlines are met using good project management skills. Communicate project status in a timely and efficient manner to the business, including project sponsors and owners.Provide application user support and training.Work Duties:To develop, maintain and provide primary support for Galaxy and IRIS applications relating primarily to its reinsurance business. Provide additional support, as necessary, to insurance applications.Assist in the ongoing migration of IRIS environments to the new Galaxy system. Assist in the development and support of the new Global reinsurance application, Galaxy.Provide technical support to reinsurance and if necessary, its insurance applications.Plan, perform (including testing) and project manage upgrades to the above applications, as required.Specify, write (where appropriate), verify and test programs, scripts or other programmable modules based on user requirements or business rules. This includes the production of data-sets used for MI and User reporting requirements, eg using SQL, Power BI or other reporting tool.Liaise with external software service providers regarding the implementation of new application systems, reporting of software faults and monitoring their progress to satisfactory resolution.Evaluate current application functionality and reporting systems and determine what changes are required to meet new user requirements.Ensure that all work follows appropriate standards and conforms to all regulatory compliance procedures set down by my client.Liaise and work closely with Technology Services staff of all levels throughout my client's offices, primarily being London, New Jersey and Dublin.Experience Required:A minimum of 5 years' experience working as a business analyst in the re/insurance industry combined with a solid understanding of underwriting, claims, accounting and actuarial functions.Experience of one or more re/insurance applications (such as IRIS, Genius, Xuber, SICS, AdvantageGo, Sequel or an in-house equivalent).Electronic messaging ie ACORD standards and solutions experience, and knowledge would be nice to have.A good understanding and knowledge of Microsoft Power BI or similar business analytics software/services.Excellent communication skills - ability to comfortably communicate with both technical and non-technical people at all levels.Relevant degree in Computer Science or equivalent.Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI, Insurance Applications & ACORDPermanentLondon£70,000 - £75,000 + Bonus + Benefits.This is a great opportunity to join a collaborative department within the reinsurance space. The team uses cutting edge technology and has a great work ethic."	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£70k - £75k per annum + Bonus + Benefits"	"i3 Resourcing"	"John Melrose "	"JS-JM/EBSA/I3"	"04/12/2018 08:51:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYMh"
"Proposition Manager - Pensions"	"£53803 - £80704 per annum"	"Wilmslow, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"Proposition Manager - Pensions"	"Wilmslow, Cheshire - £53803 - £80704 per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Proposition Manager - Pensions Salary: £53,803-80,704Benefits: 28 days Holiday + Bank Holidays, Pension & Annual Bonus The Royal London Legacy Division is responsible for delivering exceptional customer outcomes to approximately 6 million policy holders across 500 products.We are seeking a dynamic and experienced senior manager to join the division to manage the product life cycle within our suite of pension propositions. The key purpose of the role is to ensure that the pension Legacy propositions deliver great customer outcomes and superior value for money.Reporting to the Head of Propositions, the role will also support the executive team in delivering the key objectives of the business. This includes supporting strategic business programmes, identifying opportunities to add value to the Legacy book and shaping and delivering agendas to achieve operational efficiencies.Responsibilities also include: Shaping and delivering against a clear, risk based proposition review plan in line with risk appetite presenting to the Divisional Executive Committee and Group Customer Standards CommitteesOperating within a robust risk, control and governance regime to facilitate the robust oversight of propositions;Ensuring propositions are legal and regulatory compliant in a continually changing environment by operating an effective framework of people, processes and systems in which we can monitor, influence, oversee and deliver all regulatory and legislative changeManaging a large part of the Legacy Division existing range of products (pensions policies circa 2.5m across Royal London, CIS, Royal Liver and PLAL), in line with Royal London's operating model, risk management standards and efficiency targetsOverseeing a full control framework for the product portfolio, ensuring risks are managed/mitigated in line with Group risk appetite and ensuring propositions deliver great customer outcomesProviding oversight of the Pensions portfolio projects to ensure all changes are delivered to time, budget & quality - this will include overseeing outsourcers projectsProvide Pensions product expertise and deep market understanding collaborating with and influencing internal stakeholders including actuarial, customer service, legal, risk and compliance functions within Royal London, as well as external regulators and other stakeholdersDeliver key performance metrics and enhance the value of existing productsResponsible for overseeing the regular review of pensions propositions ensuring all outcomes are in line with customer promises, expectations and terms and conditions and with regulatory requirementsSkills, qualifications and experience: Experience in managing Pensions productsStrong understanding of Pensions regulatory and legislative framework including HMRC, FCA (including COBs), tPR, FRC as well as ABI Codes as appropriateExperience in operating governance and controls in line with risk appetite and regulatory requirementsBusiness process design experience and ability to oversee complex change projectsAbility to increase efficiency and effectiveness of existing processes, setting realistic but stretching targetsNoneRoyal London is an equal opportunities employer. We work hard to attract the best talent for our award-winning team. We believe that embracing difference makes us stronger. Our diverse people bring us different skills - whatever their educational background, disability, gender, age, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief. We will consider flexible working arrangements for all our roles. We also welcome applications from individuals who have taken an extended career break.To apply, please use the 'Apply Online' link below.For any further queries regarding the role, please contact Doug Gear on (see below) "	"Wilmslow, Cheshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£53803 - £80704 per annum"	"Resource Management"	"Resource Management ltd"	"JS-R02968"	"03/12/2018 08:55:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLlP"
"Actuarial Analyst"	"£45,000 - £65,000 GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - £45,000 - £65,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Analyst (West London/Guildford) - £45,000 - £65,000Our client, a well-regarded insurance business is looking to hire an Actuarial Analyst to join their Pricing team. The candidate is envisaged to ideally have Pricing experience, but any specialism will be considered for the best candidates. This is a great opportunity to work alongside a Head of Pricing, a well-known industry professional. Study support provided.The focus of the successful candidate will be: - Project pricing across acquisitions, renewals and offers. - Research and proposal of alternative rating structures for technical and commercial advantage. - Creating a toolbox of analytical and actuarial techniques to provide predictions of the current and future performance. - Translating actuarial analysis to the non-specialists in the wider business. - Support for insurance data design and validation. - Working closely with Actuaries, Underwriters and data scientists. - Portfolio Pricing analysis and rating tool development. - Legal, governance and regulatory compliance when required. - Support the maintenance and growth of the current Pricing models.What our client is looking for: - Part qualified or working towards the qualification. - Excellent numerical academic record to at least a degree level. - Knowledge of GLMs, Price optimisation, stochastic simulation or similar specialist insurance software. - SQL, SAS, R, Python, VBA, VB.NET or C# would be very useful. - Strong analytical skills. - Excellent communication skills. - Pricing model experience (non-essential) but this would make you a strong applicant. - An Insurance/Finance/Energy/Telco. - Personal lines experience would make you a strong applicant. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£45,000 - £65,000 GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_85102/598778509"	"06/12/2018 09:16:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwdr"
"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Reserving Manager London - EC3M 3BD Who we are: QBE's European Operations, which accounts for over 27% of QBE Group turnover, is a leading specialist in London market and European commercial lines business. Active in both the Lloyd's and company market, QBE offers considerable diversity to the broking community. We are a socially responsible company and give our customers the ability to invest a portion of their premiums in environmentally and socially beneficial projects. The Opportunity:  As an Actuarial Reserving Manager you would directly support the Head of Reserving as a manager for one of the four main reserving teams within QBE European Operations (EO). Additional responsibilities would include key relationship management with functions such as Finance, Group or Claims. Actuarial Reserving Managers work closely with the Head of Reserving to develop and execute the team vision and strategy each year making this role a great opportunity to influence and contribute to team goals. They also partner with the underwriting department to provide crucial insight into the business. Your responsibilities for this role may include, but are not limited to: Annual delivery of reserving results Building and maintaining strong relationships with key stakeholders Communication of results, key issues, sensitivities and uncertainties Delivery of post reserving processes feeding into HY and YE results Reserving & UW variability parameterisation in conjunction with capital team Analysing and communicating trends Delivery of regular actual vs expected analysis Ad hoc deep dive analysis on key portfolios of interest Manage a team of 2 to 3 analysts A close collaboration with the reserving manager for the insurance activity of QBE Europe You will need to be able to display you have the following qualifications and experience: Strong focus on executing plans and delivering results Effective communication skills Pro-active approach and keen to take ownership of work Willingness to collaborate and work in a team Experience of managing a cross border team Ideally Qualified Actuary  Strong technical background in reserving and reinsurance Strong knowledge of accounting, including Belgian GAAP, and tax law. Strong planning and time management of both own and direct team's work We view our people as our most precious asset. We understand the importance of fostering a work environment that is responsive to the changing needs of today's workforce. QBE aims to build a workplace that is fair and inclusive because we want to attract and retain the best people to do the job. Search for QBE on Vercida to learn more about our Diversity and Inclusion programmes and policies. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"QBE"	"QBE"	"JS7286_83899/598778541"	"07/12/2018 13:15:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5an"
"Actuarial Life Advisor"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Life Advisor"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial, together with a leading global consultancy, is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to assist in the delivery of a wide range of client engagements, providing technical input to a number of projects.With strong Excel and VBA skills, the successful candidate will possess a detailed knowledge of UK reporting methodologies, eg UK GAAP, IFRS, FSA Returns.You will also have knowledge of Economic Capital and experience of modelling capital projects, alongside knowledge of Market Consistent Embedded Value techniques.Modelling skills (eg Prophet, MoSes, VBA) are essential.An excellent opportunity to develop your career in a client-facing role within a genuine market-leader."	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR3877/593978571"	"03/12/2018 18:14:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSmO"
"Actuary - Reporting - Graduate"	"60k - 70k Annual GBP"	"Bristol, Somerset"	"Permanent"	"Actuary - Reporting - Graduate"	"Bristol, Somerset - 60k - 70k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A Reporting Actuary role has become available in the Bristol With-Profits Reporting team. You will be joining a team of highly motivated finance professionals, facing a demanding change agenda. The team is a mix of qualified Actuaries and Actuarial trainees, all with a focus of delivering high quality results to senior partners..... click apply for full job details "	"Bristol, Somerset, UK"	"Other"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"60k - 70k Annual GBP"	"Aviva plc"	"Recruitment Team"	"JSR-74692/592930945"	"07/12/2018 15:58:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Qq"
"Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"I am conducting a search for a part-qualified actuarial analyst to join a leading UK Life Insurer. They are interested in speaking with individuals who have previous experience working in Pensions and Defined Benefit Schemes. This role would offer the opportunity to gain experience/exposure to the Life market while also utilising previous pension experience. The ideal candidate will be making good progress in their actuarial exams and have modelling exposure. The role sits within the Pension Risk Transfer Pricing Team where you would be supporting managers in providing bulk annuity and longevity quotes to pension schemes. Salary, bonus and benefits are very appealing and study support is offered. This is an exceptional career move that will attract a lot of interest, so please apply online now. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_82820/599836903"	"08/12/2018 09:08:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDcu"
"Actuarial Assistant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Assistant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A successful Lloyd's managing agency is currently searching for an Actuarial Assistant to join their Pricing and Reserving team, to assist in developing the syndicates they manage over.Responsibilities within this role include supporting the reserving and pricing manager, independent actuaries and external auditors with syndicate reserving, pricing analysis exercises, and solvency II technical provisions. This role will also require the completion of some ad-hoc analyses and tasks, as when necessary. As the candidate will need to be interacting well with the team, excellent interpersonal skills are needed.The ideal candidate will be a diligent and competent numerical degree graduate (or equivalent), who is a part-qualified actuary, preferably having completed the Core Technical subjects and has previous knowledge of reserving/pricing models (eg ResQ), with non-life experience preferably within the London Market.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Office and Admin"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82722/598778606"	"06/12/2018 11:12:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxGM"
"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to join a leading firm where you will play a key role in supporting the design, establishment and embedding of a strong capital management and reporting framework. With strong verbal communication and interpersonal skills, the successful candidate will great problem-solving skills with a creative mind and desire to drive change and innovate. Generous actuarial study package on offer. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82733/598778454"	"06/12/2018 09:16:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwd9"
"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to join a leading firm where you will play a key role in supporting the design, establishment and embedding of a strong capital management and reporting framework.With strong verbal communication and interpersonal skills, the successful candidate will great problem-solving skills with a creative mind and desire to drive change and innovate.Generous actuarial study package on offer."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5018/593978707"	"03/12/2018 14:14:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPxU"
"Actuarial Analyst"	""	"Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A highly successful Sussex based insurer is currently looking to add an Actuarial Analyst to their team. This position will be very diverse - focusing on pricing, reserving and capital modelling and would be an excellent opportunity for the successful candidate to develop their career and build a well-rounded base of experience.The ideal candidate will have some prior GI experience in one of the three disciplines and a strong academic background, being educated to at least degree level. A competitive salary is on offer for this position and can be discussed upon application.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"Sussex, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82643/598778786"	"06/12/2018 11:24:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxM8"
"Actuarial Analyst - Life"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Life"	"Edinburgh - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to contribute to actuarial and risk work, contributing to delivery of experience analyses, IFRS reporting, local statutory reporting, economic capital calculations, pricing, model governance and project work. You will also continually reassess the operational risks associated with the role and inherent in the business, taking account of changing economic or market conditions, legal and regulatory requirements, operating procedures and practices, management restructurings, and the impact of new technology. Ability to speak French or Spanish would be an advantage, as would knowledge of Excel, VBA, SAS and/or Prophet. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Sarah O'Brien Senior Consultant M: (0) E:  "	"Edinburgh, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82667/598778398"	"07/12/2018 15:25:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6K1"
"Actuarial Graduate"	"26k Annual GBP"	"Norwich, Norfolk"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Graduate"	"Norwich, Norfolk - 26k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Are you a strategic thinker that loves to tackle problems? Do you have a passion for maths? Do you want to work for the UK largest insurer, who will support you to gain further qualifications? If so, why not follow in the footsteps of our previous Actuarial Graduate Scheme Trainees and your hard work could see..... click apply for full job details "	"Norwich, Norfolk, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"26k Annual GBP"	"Aviva plc"	"Recruitment Team"	"JSR-73689/592931014"	"03/12/2018 17:21:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSBW"
"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A reputable insurer is looking for an actuarial pricing analyst to join their pricing division.Responsibilities of the role include developing rating models, pricing individual accounts and monitoring performance of the portfolios.The role will require good interpersonal skills due to the need to regularly converse with senior underwriters and business unit leaders.Candidates are preferred to have at least 2 years' experience in a General Insurance actuarial role, to be a student member of the Casualty Actuarial Society or an equivalent body, with proven excellent performance in actuarial exams, mathematics or a related discipline. Pricing experience is preferred but not essential.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82604/598778618"	"06/12/2018 11:24:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNP"
"Actuarial Manager - Consultancy"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Manager - Consultancy"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A renowned consultancy firm are seeking an Actuarial Manager to join and lead their actuarial function. The role will have coverage over reserving, capital modelling and Solvency II.Responsibilities within this role include the reporting and delivery of projects, taking ownership of at least one major work-stream. The role will require the candidate to have great interpersonal skills, and effect communication and coaching skills, presenting to senor clients and mentoring junior staff.The ideal candidate will be newly qualified, with a degree-level qualification, having experience within reserving in the GI industry. Solvency II experience is preferred.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82469/598778413"	"06/12/2018 09:16:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweQ"
"Actuarial Apprentice Level 4 - Graduate"	"20250.00 Annual GBP"	"Norwich, Norfolk"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Apprentice Level 4 - Graduate"	"Norwich, Norfolk - 20250.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Aviva Level 4 Actuarial Technician Apprentice Scheme - Norwich.  Are you a strategic thinker that loves to solve problems?  Do you have a passion for maths?  Do you want to work for the UK's largest insurer, who will support you to gain further qualifications?  If so, why not follow in the footsteps of..... click apply for full job details "	"Norwich, Norfolk, UK"	"Other"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"20250.00 Annual GBP"	"Aviva plc"	"Recruitment Team"	"JSR-74269/592931178"	"07/12/2018 15:58:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Qx"
"Actuarial Reserving Excellence"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Excellence"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A fantastic opportunity if you are a part-qualified or qualified actuary and have a good understanding of the Lloyd's market. Reserving knowledge is a must, and any experience of leading and managing projects will be a definite advantage. This role offers an excellent long term growth path, including scope for managing others, and working across international boundaries. Contact us now for more details on this exciting role. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85171/598778421"	"07/12/2018 15:28:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MQ"
"Actuary Apprentice Manager"	"GBP"	"Abingdon, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Actuary Apprentice Manager"	"Abingdon, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"You will provide coaching and support to our Level 7 actuary apprentices and liaise with their employer to ensure they complete the requirements of their apprenticeship on time. You will conduct regular progress reviews with the apprentices, assess their work-based evidence and assist the Director of Actuarial Apprenticeships in the running of the actuarial apprenticeships programmes, including monitoring and reporting within BPP. Initially, you will help design and implement the apprentice support programme. A good awareness and understanding of the work of an actuarial student is required. You will be at least an Associate member of the IFoA. We will consider both Full time and part-time applicants. Any questions, or for an informal discussion, please email . To view a full job description and to apply for the post, please visit . Closing date: 21 Dec. "	"Abingdon, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"BPP Actuarial Education"	"BPP Actuarial Education"	"JS7286_85068/598778837"	"07/12/2018 15:20:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jo"
"Actuarial Specialist - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Specialist - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified or qualified life actuary to join its group function where you will support financial reporting of Solvency II whilst leading on the consolidation and reporting of the annual Group Standard Formula exercise, including comparison to Internal Model equivalents. In this key role, you will manage the delivery of timely and accurate financial results across an agreed range of financial metrics (eg Coverage Ratios, Operational Surplus Generation, Net Surplus generation, New Business Strain). You will also provide analysis and comparisons of Group forecast to actual Solvency II position at each quarter end for senior management. In addition, you will support the consolidation of, and the reporting of, risk capital results including elements relating to calculation, analysis, validation and documentation.  With a detailed understanding of SII principles, the successful candidate will also possess knowledge of IFRS reporting alongside a detailed understanding of financial and insurance risk management, including a practical knowledge of the drivers of risk capital. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85203/599836942"	"08/12/2018 09:14:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDeR"
"Actuarial Analyst/Data Management"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst/Data Management"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Unique opportunity for an actuarial student or data analyst/programmer to join a reinsurance business. Working alongside the head of Actuarial you will have an aptitude for programming and coding in VBA/SQL and ideally experience of handling large data sets. Solid experience of data management and analysis and building models and experience of Tyche would be a bonus. An understanding of the drivers within Natural Catastrophe models would be advantageous. Strong communication skills are also essential as you will be liaising with members directly.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_82698/598778395"	"06/12/2018 09:14:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwc1"
"Actuarial Non-life Advisor"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Non-life Advisor"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading global consultancy, is seeking a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary to assist the client engagement team on a number of core propositions including reserving; capital; and pricing projects.Providing technical input to a number of projects, you will support senior management efforts to cultivate and maintain target client relationships, including assisting with proposals and the development of sales materials.You will also support other aspects of the team's work including sales and marketing, research and development of new services, and knowledge management. Experience in reserving is a key requirement for this role, as well as experience in pricing and capital. You will also possess knowledge of Solvency II pillars, particularly the quantitative requirements.In additoon, you will have Lloyd's market experience alongside experience of economic capital modelling and UK reporting methodologies, eg UK GAAP, IFRS, PRA Returns."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4406/593978591"	"03/12/2018 15:12:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXM"
"Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Market-leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary with reserving experience to be responsible for providing technical support (reserving, capital modelling and performance monitoring) in respect of insurance risk for its commercial non-motor business. With excellent communication skills, the successful candidate will possess strong IT skills, preferably including experience of VBA and ResQ or similar. An excellent career-development opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82873/598778306"	"06/12/2018 09:16:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwds"
"Actuarial Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Market-leading specialty insurance group seeks a part-qualified GI actuary with personal lines pricing experience to set and monitor rates for Pet Insurance and other lines of business, taking responsibility for the maintenance and development of the Pet risk and lifetime value models. An independent thinker and good communicator, the successful candidate will possess a good working knowledge of Microsoft Access, Excel and VBA, alongside Emblem. Experience using SQL, R/Python or similar (alongside ResQ) would be beneficial. An excellent career-development opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82630/598778565"	"06/12/2018 11:25:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNf"
"Actuarial Reserving Specialist - Non-life"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Specialist - Non-life"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Are you a part-qualified or qualified actuary with detailed GI experience (eg reserving, regulatory reporting, Solvency II)? Do you relish the opportunity to develop your career within a global insurer? Then look no further. This is a fantastic career development role offering you the opportunity to work closely with the UK Reserving teams - Personal, Municipal, Commercial and Legacy - to understand and report their results, identify trends and bring insights to the senior colleagues within the wider business. You'll also liaise with other areas of the business, including Finance, Underwriting, Pricing and Capital, to develop a broad understanding of the business and promote process changes that will result in real difference. Excellent team-working, communication and interpersonal skills are essential. Contact us now for more information regarding this exciting position within a market-leading firm."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85211/598778370"	"06/12/2018 09:19:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwg7"
"Actuary - Life - IFRS 17"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuary - Life - IFRS 17"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	" A flourishing Life Insurer is looking for a nearly/newly qualified Actuary to join its fast-growing Reporting function with main focus on IFRS. - You would be responsible of IFRS & SII reporting and analysis as well as managing key stakeholders; - You would have the chance to develop your people management skills through leading a team of bright student actuaries; - You will have a lot of interaction with different teams such as Investment, Pricing, Group; - You will report into a well-known Actuarial Manager with strong expertize in the Life field. You will be a nearly or newly qualified Actuary with Life background, solid communication skills and ideally annuities knowledge. Dynamic Actuaries coming from Pensions are also welcome to apply. This is a great chance to join a UK Life leader, gain exposure across one of the most desired areas in the current market (IFRS 17) and also develop your people management skills. Please apply now for immediate consideration or get in touch with Ioana Pribac on or for an informal chat. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_82703/598778557"	"07/12/2018 16:01:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TY"
"Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Pricing Analyst/Actuary - Lloyd's personal linesA well regarded Lloyd's Syndicate is looking to hire a Personal lines Pricing Analyst/Actuary. The candidate is envisaged to have Pricing experience but any specialism will be considered with the matching lines of business. This is a great role with a top business who are looking to grow their established Pricing team. The focus of the successful candidate will be - Rating models - Case Pricing - Working closely with Actuaries, Underwriters and data scientists. - Portfolio Pricing analysis and rating tool development.What our client is looking for: - Technical/software knowledge. - Pricing model experience (non essential) - An Insurance/reinsurance/personal lines pricing or consultancy background. - Personal lines experience would make you a strong applicant. - Any exam progression will be considered. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82636/598778614"	"06/12/2018 11:08:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxDC"
"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities:  Annual delivery of reserving results Building and maintaining strong relationships with key stakeholders Communication of results, key issues, sensitivities and uncertainties Delivery of post reserving processes feeding into HY and YE results Reserving & UW variability parameterisation in conjunction with capital team Analysing and communicating trends Delivery of regular actual vs expected analysis Ad hoc deep dive analysis on key portfolios of interest Manage a team of 2 to 3 analysts A close collaboration with the reserving manager for the insurance activity of the company Qualifications/Experience: Ideally Qualified Actuary Experience of managing a cross border team Strong technical background in reserving and reinsurance Strong knowledge of accounting, including Belgian GAAP, and tax law Strong planning and time management of both own and direct team's work "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_85136/598778374"	"06/12/2018 09:19:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwg3"
"Capital Actuarial Analyst"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Actuarial Analyst"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Capital Actuarial AnalystHFG have partnered with a top syndicate to assist with their search for a new Actuarial Analyst to join their capital team. This is a fantastic opportunity for a part qualified actuary with capital modelling experience to join one of, if not the best, capital modelling teams in the Lloyd's market. Key responsibilities - Support in the production of profit & loss attribution reports. - Assist in the production of the company ORSA. - Conduct capital model runs on listed areas. - Conduct reporting amendments and improvements to develop the brexit solution. - Help in the production of internal business planning information.Key requirements - Good experience in capital modelling. - Experience working in the Lloyd's or wider general insurance market. - Strong reporting skills. - Excellent communication skills (verbal and written).If you feel your profile matches the above criteria or would like more information on the role then please do get in touch. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82573/598778316"	"06/12/2018 09:15:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwdJ"
"Actuarial Reporting Manager - Life"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reporting Manager - Life"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified life actuary to develop and manage SII, USGAAP and UKGAAP reporting processes to provide accurate Balance Sheet and P&L results for internal and external reporting purposes.  With previous experience in life insurance valuation reporting or Solvency II, the successful candidate will possess the ability to keep abreast of SII advances, having a strong base of financial economic knowledge and statistical skills. Knowledge of using and coding in MoSes alongside knowledge of databases, particularly SQL, would be an advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"South East, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85277/598778817"	"07/12/2018 13:32:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5hP"
"Actuarial Analyst - Pricing - Leading Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Pricing - Leading Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I am searching for an Actuarial student with Life experience to join a leading Life Insurer in their London office. The role sits in Pricing team where you will be required to develop/maintain actuarial models, tools and systems with particular focus on Solvency II capital, profit-test and Prophet models. The ideal candidate will be a part-qualified actuarial student with around 12 - 24 months experience with good exam progression. A competitive salary and other benefits are offered.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_82818/598778597"	"06/12/2018 11:24:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNA"
"Actuarial Analyst - Bulk Annuity Insurer"	"GBP"	"Hove, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Bulk Annuity Insurer"	"Hove, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"FRG are searching for a part qualified actuary to join a leading Life Insurer. The ideal candidate will be making good progress in their actuarial exams, have previous experience working with Excel, With-Profits and some knowledge of Life products. They will also accept applications from excellent Pensions candidates. Desirable skills: VBA, SAS, Prophet and modelling. They are also open to looking at applicants who have stopped taking the IFoA exams but are qualified by experience. Salary, bonus and benefits are very appealing and study support is offered. "	"Hove, Sussex, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_82822/598778866"	"06/12/2018 11:18:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxJu"
"Actuarial Analyst - Capital Modelling"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Capital Modelling"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer has an exciting opportunity for a creative-thinking, part-qualified non-life actuary to support the development and enhancement of the Internal Model, including the design, build, test and documentation. Contributing to the parameterisation and documentation of the Internal Models, you will also support the review and challenge of the business plan alongside the production of risk appetite results. You will also contribute to the continuous monitoring of capital requirements whilst assisting with various ERM projects aimed at further embedding of the Internal Models in the strategic decision-making proces eg providing support to the reinsurance purchasing decisions. Knowledge of stochastic methods in capital modelling environments is required, as is a demonstrable aptitude for capital modelling. Experience of Capital modelling software (or ResQ, and VBA would be an advantage. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82577/598778970"	"06/12/2018 11:14:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxHI"
"Actuarial Reserving Support - Non-life"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Support - Non-life"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading general insurer, hs an exciting opportunityy for a part-qualified actuary with GI reserving experience for both personal and commercial lines of business to provide support through quarterly reserving analyses and ad hoc investigations. Providing technical insight into the impact of internal and external changes on actuarial claims development patterns, you will lead the design, build and checking of processes to enrich the claims data used in the GI reserving process. You will also recommend and apply improvements to current practices based on an understanding of market best practice. In addition, you will support the GI Reserving Actuary with influencing internal stakeholders and delivering new strategies for reserving. Strong analytical skills are a must, including the ability to solve complex reserving problems using analytical and statistical methods. Knowledge of the latest industry developments in GI Reserving techniques and the claims environment also essential.  "	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82578/598778405"	"06/12/2018 09:14:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwco"
"Actuarial Reporting Analyst - Life Reinsurance"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reporting Analyst - Life Reinsurance"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to contribute to the delivery of Solvency II results to meet quarterly and annual deadlines whilst assisting with the consolidation of SII results, review of balance sheet and other reporting items, ensuring suitable control and review. With good knowledge of MS Office and Life Insurance Products, the successful candidate will be a creative and analytical thinker. Contact us now for more information regarding this exciting career-development opportunity. Peter Baker, Partner M:  E:  "	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85036/598778574"	"07/12/2018 13:14:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5Z2"
"Actuarial Analyst - Mixed Role"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Mixed Role"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading Lloyd's insurer requires junior analyst to join their actuarial team in an exciting and varied role.  The position will report directly in to a senior actuary and involve elements of actuarial pricing and business planning as well as reserving and insurance risk.You will be working closely with underwriters and gaining exposure to the wider insurance business. You will need to have excellent communication skills, an ambitious nature and a consistently impressive academic record including a top class degree in a numerate subject. You will be making good progress with the actuarial exams and have experience within general insurance.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85198/598778261"	"06/12/2018 09:16:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwdt"
"Actuarial Analyst | South West England"	"GBP"	"South West"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst | South West England"	"South West - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"South West, part-qualified vacancy. A leading mutual insurer are seeking to appoint an actuarial student to their growing actuarial team.As a mutual, this work environment encourages innovative solutions to their member's needs, as such they are looking for an ambitious student actuary ready for a new challenge.The Role This role sits within the Finance and Risk team, reporting directly into the Chief Risk Officer. The successful applicant will support the implementation of risk management and has direct exposure to the pricing and analysis team.The scope of this role is broad and will interact with many areas of the business eg underwriting, marketing and the Board.Requirements3-5 year's experience within an actuarial role ideallyProgress being made with actuarial examsA forward thinker, and happy to work independentlyCash-flow modelling software experience eg Prophet, Mo.netPricing experience would be useful, but not a requirementIf you would like to review the job specification or discuss the role in more detail, please contact: |  "	"South West, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_85344/599836789"	"08/12/2018 07:05:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCPY"
"Actuarial Analyst - London Market Pricing, Reserving & Capital"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - London Market Pricing, Reserving & Capital"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Are you a part qualified Actuary looking to broaden your experience? My client is a leading London market business with an excellent reputation. They are looking for a bright, enthusiastic individual with strong academics, who is making good actuarial exam progress to join their team. The role offers a mix of pricing, capital, reserving and business planning so is an excellent way to develop new skills. Are you a part qualified Actuary looking to broaden your experience? My client is a leading London market business with an excellent reputation. They are looking for a bright, enthusiastic individual with strong academics, who is making good actuarial exam progress to join their team. The role offers a mix of pricing, capital, reserving and business planning so is an excellent way to develop new skills. You will have regular interaction with a range of key stakeholders, including underwriting, claims and finance so strong communication skills are a must. Candidates from various backgrounds (personal lines, consultancy etc.) will be considered and full training will be provided. "	"City, London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82662/598778330"	"06/12/2018 09:17:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glweu"
"Actuarial Analyst Opportunities - South West"	"GBP"	"South West"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst Opportunities - South West"	"South West - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Leading professional services firms has a number of exciting opportunities for part-qualified actuaries to join their multi-client Actuarial Services teams across the South West where you will support many aspects of life actuarial work. In this client-facing role, you will develop relationships with clients and internal stakeholders from an early stage, identifying opportunities to improve and build on the delivery of actuarial solutions. The successful candidates will have experience of co-ordinating project deliverables or managing a small team, alongside good working knowledge of actuarial issues and techniques. Experience of actuarial modelling tools (eg Prophet, Moses) including model development/coding experience also essential. Contact us now for more information regarding these exciting opportunities. Adam Goodwin, Associate Director M: (0) L: uk.linkedin.com/in/adamgoodwin E:  "	"South West, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85315/599836787"	"08/12/2018 09:08:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDcj"
"Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"Up to £80,000 + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"London - Up to £80,000 + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Reserving Actuary - Lloyd's SyndicateUp to £80,000 + Bonus + BenefitsA top-tier Lloyd's Syndicate is looking to hire a Qualified Actuary to focus on reserving, business planning an SII Technical Provisions. You will report directly into the Group Head of Reserving and manage a small team.Previous reserving experience is essential to the role although this does not need to be London Market. Ideally you'll be qualified however candidates with relevant experience are also encouraged to apply.To apply please submit your CV to this advertEames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"Up to £80,000 + Bonus + Benefits"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82775/598778392"	"06/12/2018 09:17:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwef"
"Actuarial Analyst - DB Pension to Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - DB Pension to Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I am conducting a search for an Actuarial Analyst for a leading UK Life Insurance firm in Central London. This role sits within the Retirement part of the business, this area is growing exponentially and it is their main profit centre. The successful candidate will be a dynamic and analytical part qualified actuary with a relevant experience in DB Pension who would like to step into the flourishing London Insurance market. You will ideally have passed your CT exams and have 1 - 2 years experience in pension consultancy. You will be a strong communicator with good relationship building skills as you will deal with different teams across the business. You will support the Business Support Team, covering complex issues as calculating collateral amounts and implementing trivial communications. The role is project based and there is a lot of variety and it's the perfect springboard for a driven individual with ambitious goals. This is an exceptional career move that would offer a competitive package with an annual bonus and study support. For further details, please apply online now.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_85013/598778430"	"06/12/2018 09:05:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwXS"
"Actuarial Life in the South West"	"GBP"	"South West, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Life in the South West"	"South West, United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is looking to hire an ambitious actuarial candidate to join their growing team and well-respected business, in a highly commercial role with a product and propositions focus.The team offers wide-ranging roles with genuine breadth and excellent prospects, requiring an analytical mind and strong communication skills.You will have a solid academic record, and will be making progress through the actuarial exams, or have qualified as an actuary."	"South West, United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5283/593978908"	"03/12/2018 17:20:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAg"
"Reserving Actuary - Lloyd's Syndicate"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Actuary - Lloyd's Syndicate"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Reserving Actuary - Lloyd's Syndicate Up to £75,000 + Bonus + Benefits A top-tier Lloyd's Syndicate is looking to hire a nearly/newly qualified Actuary to focus on reserving, business planning an SII Technical Provisions. You will report directly into the Group Head of Reserving and mentor junior analysts. Previous reserving experience is essential to the role although this does not need to be London Market. To apply please submit your CV to this advert or contact Curtis Browning at Eames Consulting -/ Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85338/599836754"	"08/12/2018 09:19:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDe8"
"Graduate Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Actuarial Analyst------------------------- Location: London Sector: General Insurance Reporting to: Head of Analytics Contract Type: Permanent Hours: Full Time Salary: £30,000 -£36,000 P/A  Further Information------------------------- Our Client, a Broker in the London Market, is searching for an ambitious and very bright individual, who has a strong desire to begin an actuarial career in general insurance, to join their Group actuarial team. - Being a Group role, involvement in areas of the business: insurance, reinsurance and catastrophe modelling - Interrogate data to inform conclusions and develop bespoke visualisations - Conduct research, analyse client/market data to develop actuarial models Support risk pricing and stochastic financial modelling in order to analyse and recommend insurance solutions for clients - Support clients and brokers in order to identify and quantify catastrophe risks - Help develop models where no reliable risk quantification tools exist eg non-modelled catastrophe perils - Report results and findings in a timely and accurate manner using a clear communication style Support RFPs, producing materials for prospective clients - Use best practice techniques to ensure consistent capability within EdKey Skills & Experience: - Have obtained a top degree in a numerate subject (ie Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Economics etc.) - Minimum AAB at A-level including Mathematics - Strong GCSEs - Strong desire to work in General Insurance - Good technical understanding  - Actuarial Internships highly desirableAlso Offers: - Study package is 40 days leave, cover for exams, tutorials and materials. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_85154/599836945"	"08/12/2018 09:08:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDcn"
"Non-life Actuary"	""	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A leading Lloyd's syndicate is looking for nearly or qualified Senior Pricing Actuary to join their Technical Pricing Function.Responsibilities of the role include developing rating models, pricing individual accounts and monitoring performance of the portfolios. You will be also developing and delivering leading outperforming risk selection and pricing capabilities, driving achievement of top and bottom line financial targets. As a Senior Actuary, you will be responsible for helping coach more junior members of staff.Candidates must be experience in an Insurance actuarial role, with proven excellent performance in actuarial exams, mathematics or a related discipline. Candidates should be experienced in risk models such as GLM, and have data manipulation skills using SQL/R/WPS/SAS.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85192/598778673"	"07/12/2018 16:01:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TR"
"Deputy Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Reinsurance Actuary"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Actuary"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A leading life reinsurer is looking to grow their very successful team based in London. As a student actuary or a newly qualified actuary, you will work on reinsurance tenders through analysing terms and handling treaty arrangements. As a key area of growth, you can expect excellent longer-term career prospects with this role and company. Experience with modelling cash flows, a strong overall technical ability and exposure to pricing is ideal. On offer is a generous package with agile working."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82638/598778278"	"06/12/2018 09:04:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwW1"
"Pricing Actuary"	"90k Annual"	"City, London"	"Unspecified"	"Pricing Actuary"	"City, London - 90k Annual"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"The Client: A major and highly respected international (re)insurance company, who is looking to add a valuable Actuarial member of staff to their to their financial team. The ideal candidate will not only have a large knowledge range but will also be a correct fit for the team. The Opportunity: This incredible recognised and respected firm are looking for someone to develop their career, in performing risk analysis, modelling and pricing. You will be part of a close team and the ability to work with all members of staff is essential. You will establish yourself as a key contact within the company as a reliable member of staff. There is also the opportunity to travel internationally with the company. As a senior Actuary you will assist in the design in both internal and external transactions and be the company lead for discussions with clients. What is needed to be considered? A high-class degree in Actuarial sciences or a maths-based degreeA high level of experience within actuarial rolesPrevious experience in international actuarial roles Ability to model various insurance products and reinsurance structures.Demonstrated knowledge of reinsurance or annuity products"	"City, London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"90k Annual"	"Heat Recruitment"	"Heat Recruitment"	"JS3561_36769769/598329594"	"06/12/2018 07:05:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvHr"
"GI Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"England"	"Permanent"	"GI Actuarial Analyst"	"England - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to provide support for the assessment of claims reserves required for the current and prior accident years and to support the estimation and planning for future accident years' loss ratios. Considering claims, pricing, underwriting and market developments across the sector, you will assess how these influence performance and claims development patterns. In addition, you will provide actuarial analysis to support the assessment of the capital requirement in respect of claims risks to support the delivery of the internal capital model. IT skills are essential and experience of using SAS and/or VBA in a data analytics role would be ideal. "	"England, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85058/598778658"	"06/12/2018 11:25:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNj"
"Life Actuarial Consultancy"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Actuarial Consultancy"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified life actuary with strong project and people management skills? Do you relish the opportunity to lead client engagement teams within an international consultancy? Then this is the role for you. In this key role, you will have the opportunity to support a range of projects, for example, IFRS17 implementation, finance transformation, and much more. A natural leader with prior consulting experience, the ideal person will have a track record of delivery with strong technical and communication skills and the ability to deal effectively with clients and colleagues. An excellent opportunity to develop your career with a market leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85059/598778429"	"06/12/2018 09:14:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwc0"
"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified life actuary with project management experience to propose appropriate pricing assumptions and oversee the production of reinsurance premium rates. Managing the process of compiling a tender response for specific quotes, you will ensure that risks taken by our client are fully understood, appropriately priced and carefully documented. You will also respond to ad-hoc client pricing queries and formulate reinsurance solutions tailored to their specific needs. In addition, you will take ownership of allocated projects, including testing new pricing assumptions, adding new features to pricing models and analysing claims experience. The successful candidate will possess strong IT skills with a good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package. The ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. A fantastic opportunity to develop your career within a leading-edge firm. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jan Sparks FIA, Partner M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85322/599836793"	"08/12/2018 09:08:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDck"
"Senior Actuarial Consultants/Managers - Life"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Consultants/Managers - Life"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial, together with a leading global consultancy, is representing a number of exciting opportunities for part-qualified and qualified life actuaries to create innovative commercial insights for clients and contribute to thought leadership. With strong problem solving and communication skills, the successful candidates will also possess project management experience. Contact us now for more information on these excellent career-development roles. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  Antony Buxton FIA, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82864/598778441"	"07/12/2018 15:28:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MO"
"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified life actuary with project management experience to propose appropriate pricing assumptions and oversee the production of reinsurance premium rates.Managing the process of compiling a tender response for specific quotes, you will ensure that risks taken by our client are fully understood, appropriately priced and carefully documented.You will also respond to ad-hoc client pricing queries and formulate reinsurance solutions tailored to their specific needs.In addition, you will take ownership of allocated projects, including testing new pricing assumptions, adding new features to pricing models and analysing claims experience.The successful candidate will possess strong IT skills with a good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package.The ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage.A fantastic opportunity to develop your career within a leading-edge firm."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4900/593978672"	"03/12/2018 15:12:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXd"
"Non-life Actuarial Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Actuarial Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary to join a leading independent consultancy. An excellent team-player with the ability to communicate complex actuarial concepts to experts and non-experts, the successful candidate will also be comfortable working closely with a wide range of internal and external stakeholders. Programming skills in R or Python would be a distinct advantage. Contact us now for more information on this fantastic career opportunity. Satpal Johri | Associate Director M: (0) E:  W:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85210/599836852"	"08/12/2018 09:12:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDd9"
"Capital Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Capital Actuary - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with a good working knowledge of capital modelling concepts to assist with the delivery of regulatory capital requirements at Group and solo entity levels for reporting purposes using standard formula.In this excellent career-development opportunity, you will assist with the production of the risk and capital analysis to help key decisions across the organisation eg business planning, reinsurance strategy and dividends.You will also assist the build and continued improvement of the internal model in readiness for IMAP including deonstrating an understanding of the origins and reasonableness of the data used and parameterisation of the inputs.In addition, you will perform testing on model outputs to ensure appropriateness of model calibration alongside stress and sensitivity testing whilst producing Model documentation.You will be an experienced user of General Insurance capital modelling software (eg Igloo, Remetrica)."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5077/593978728"	"03/12/2018 15:18:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbd"
"Life Actuary - Technical Specialist"	"GBP"	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Life Actuary - Technical Specialist"	"Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a technically-astute, qualified life actuary to lead regular reviews of material assumptions and methodologies within a leading-edge firm, identifying gaps or constraints, developing solutions and providing expert advice and insights. In this key and highly-visible role, you will provide expert advice on the application of methodology and assumption principles and tools to identify and solve complex problems, delivering accurate and timely recommendations based on complex analysis. With practical experience across a range of Finance specialisms, and deep technical expertise in methodologies & assumptions, the successful candidate will possess experience of disseminating complex quality information to internal and external stakeholders. Detailed knowledge of the latest developments in assumption-setting also essential.  "	"Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82587/598778466"	"06/12/2018 09:16:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwd6"
"ERM Actuarial Analyst - Lloyds Syndicate"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"ERM Actuarial Analyst - Lloyds Syndicate"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I'm recruiting 2 Actuarial Analysts to support the ERM team of a Lloyd's Syndicate within the London Market. The primary focus of the role is to support the Enterprise Risk Management team in the operation, development and maintenance of the internal model, including statutory and regulatory requirements. This includes running, parameterising and reporting of the internal model. To assist in embedding the internal model within the business and ensure that the processes and procedures around the model are compliant with the tests and standards of Solvency II, PRA and Lloyd's.  In addition, the role includes providing technical support to the broader objectives of the Actuarial and Risk Functions in areas such as reporting, risk, reserving and pricing. If you have 1-4 years experience with Regulatory Reporting, Compliance, Model Development and Data Manipulation, please apply within. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"JS7286_83935/598778534"	"06/12/2018 11:24:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxMz"
"Mixed Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Mixed Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a medium sized, highly regarded Lloyd's Syndicate who are in the process of building out their Actuarial function and require a Actuarial Analyst due to the continued growth of the company. The position will be part of a small but highly analytical team where you will work across multiple divisions including ERM, Reserving and Pricing. This role will give you great exposure to the business as you will be working closely with senior figures and reporting directly into the Head of Capital as well as attending meetings with key external stakeholders such as the PRA and Lloyd's. This is a group level role, so you will work across the UK, US and other global offices. This client has historically looked to promote internally and they are wanting to develop and grow this individual, there could even be the chance to go on secondment to one of their overseas offices. The ideal candidate will have at least one years' worth of Actuarial experience and the client has said that they are open to where this has been. Their preference would be for an individual to come from a General Insurance background, although they would look at candidates who have worked at either a Life or Pensions Consultancy. They are also wanting you to have completed at least half of your CT exams and have strong Excel skills. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"IPS Group"	"IPS Group"	"JS7286_83947/598778383"	"06/12/2018 09:15:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwda"
"Trainee Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A London market insurance business has an opening for a trainee actuary. To be considered, you must be highly numerate with a 1st or 2.1 in a mathematical related subject from a Russell Group University.  The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in the profession and be committed to studying towards the actuarial qualification. Those candidates with the ability to programme in R and/or VBA will have a clear lead. Any work experience will also be advantageous. To be considered, you must have strong communication and organisational skills. You must be eligible to work in the U.K.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_82568/598778714"	"07/12/2018 13:31:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gc"
"Non-life Actuarial Pricing Manager"	""	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Actuarial Pricing Manager"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client has a unique opportunity for a qualified (or part-qualified) GI actuary with experience of GLM Modelling in Emblem to provide support for risk pricing and price optimisation activities. In this key role, you will prepare accurate and comprehensive quotations, using both GLM and non-GLM techniques, for any new or existing products in line with the strategy and underwriting policies. You will also contribute effectively to the company strategy development on Pet proposition whilst identifying the key risks related to new quotations performed. With data manipulation skills and coding skills (SAS/R/Python), the successful candidate will possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills. An excellent opportunity to move beyond traditonal actuarial boundaries and support wider projects and strategy. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf."	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82458/598778478"	"06/12/2018 09:15:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwdV"
"Qualified Actuary - Reporting"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Actuary - Reporting"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"If you are a Qualified Actuary looking for a new opportunity where you can grow and develop a team, or perhaps are looking for your first management role, we'd like to hear from you. A new position has risen for a well known global insurance business based in Central London to handle the day to day management of the Life team as well as leading various projects. Your responsibilities will include: Coordinating and delivering monthly, quarterly and annual reports for the UK Life businessPresenting and summarising results to senior stakeholders and managersDelivering training to junior members of the teamLeading on various projects as a result of IFRS17 changesIn order to be considered, you will be a qualified actuary with significant experience in Life Insurance. You will have strong understanding of SII with some exposure to supervising or managing. On offer is a very competitive basic plus strong bonus and benefits. To apply, please send your CV to or you can call for more informaion on .  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82485/598778626"	"07/12/2018 16:01:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TU"
"Graduate Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Actuarial Analyst"	"City of London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A London Market Insurer is looking for a graduate to join their Actuarial Function, supporting the divisional Actuary as an Actuarial Analyst, working across Pricing, Reserving and Capital.The responsibilities will include developing and analysing the models used by the insurer, creating reports and working alongside the divisional Actuary and the Underwriters in order to efficiently keep models at their optimum.The ideal candidate must be a graduate with 0-12 months experience within the Actuarial Industry, having no more than 3 exceptions from the Actuarial Exams and with proven and consistent excellent examination results.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85193/598778372"	"06/12/2018 09:16:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwd4"
"Pricing Actuary - Commercial Lines"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary - Commercial Lines"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a large international Commercial insurer who is looking to add a nearly/newly qualified Pricing Actuary to join the central London office. The purpose of the role is to develop pricing methodologies through research and development, and engaging brokers. Key Responsibilities: Development of technical pricing methodologies Performance and Portfolio management Engagement with external brokers to improve rating structures Develop relationships with Underwriters across the European region and finance business partners The ideal candidate will be a nearly qualified Actuary with 3-5 years' experience, preferably in Pricing. Communication skills are essential in this outwards facing role. To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Georgia Bustin at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82521/598778894"	"07/12/2018 15:22:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6KS"
"EXCLUSIVE: Senior Actuarial Manager - Life/Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"EXCLUSIVE: Senior Actuarial Manager - Life/Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial has an exclusive mandate with a global consultancy to source a qualified actuary with Solvency II experience to be responsible for delivering insurance consultancy services to a range of clients including life and general (re)insurers. In this exciting opportunity, you will provide input into insurance related projects and processes including development of new services and improvement of existing services. In addition, you will support the development of the actuarial insurance consultancy business including engaging with local industry bodies. With excellent interpersonal and people management skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of coordinating the calculation of Technical Provisions, determining Solvency Capital Requirements, reviewing underwriting policies and reinsurance arrangements and contributing to the effective implementation of risk management systems. Contact us now for more information on this unique opportunity. Sarah O'Brien Senior Consultant M: (0) E:  "	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85129/598778929"	"07/12/2018 13:31:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gp"
"Trainee Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A London market insurance business has an opening for a trainee actuary. To be considered, you must be highly numerate with a 1st or 2.1 in a mathematical related subject from a Russell Group University and a minimum AAB at A-level including Mathematics. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in the profession and be committed to studying towards the actuarial qualification. Those candidates with the a strong technical ability and experience programming in R and/or VBA will have a clear lead. Any actuarial/insurance work experience will be advantageous. The successful candidate will have strong communication and organisational skills and be ambitious about an actuarial career in general insurance You must be eligible to work in the U.K "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_83888/598778854"	"06/12/2018 11:23:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxMy"
"Senior Pensions Actuary - Insurance"	"GBP"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Pensions Actuary - Insurance"	"City of London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior Actuarial Consultant | Pension Insurance | LondonA long-standing client of mine is seeking to expand its senior management team with the appointment of a pensions actuary who will focus on de-risking strategy, implementation and broking advice to both corporate and Trustee clients.In a wide ranging role, projects in which you will be involved will include buy-ins, solvent and PPF buy-outs, longevity swaps and pensions consolidator transactions of all sizes.The Insurance team is expanding and it's a highly exciting time to join the business at a senior level. Further responsibilities will include building relationships with client teams and insurers, reinsurers and consolidators, seeking new de-risking opportunities, managing a team of reports and playing a lead role in business strategy.I'm looking for a qualified actuary with a strong knowledge of the UK pensions landscape, and ideally experience of leading de-risking projects and client relationships at Board level.Are you interested in a non-traditional role and a career step-up with a prestigious firm of talented actuaries? "	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82471/598778629"	"06/12/2018 11:12:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxF0"
"Corporate Actuarial Assistant"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Corporate Actuarial Assistant"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Specification Maintain and develop databases used to manipulate client data for use in Reserving, EV, Experience Analysis and Risk Accumulation control. You will be working closely with the Modelling Actuary. Assist with modelling tasks required by the Corporate Actuarial team. Principal duties and responsibilities Data Maintain existing Access databases and develop new Access databases when required. Assist with the checking of the policy data on a quarterly basis. Run the process to produce the Valuation data files on a quarterly basis. Run the process to produce the data files required for the Risk Accumulation Control on a quarterly basis. "	"City, London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"SCOR SE UK Branch"	"SCOR SE UK Branch"	"JS7108_202888925/593109042"	"05/12/2018 15:23:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlogF"
"Reinsurance Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Pricing Actuary"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"A London Market insurer are looking for a Part-Qualified Actuary to join their Pricing team, to assist the Reinsurance function. The responsibilities of this role include the maintenance of existing pricing tools and to assist in the development and reporting on the pricing tools. You will be expected to monitor the use of the pricing tools and provide training to the users of them were applicable. As well as this, the candidate will provide actuarial support to underwriters and their customers in the pricing of individual accounts. The candidate will be expected to have great communication skills, often liaising with underwriters, customers and members of the Reserving, Capital Modelling and Risk Management teams.The ideal Candidate will be a graduate of a mathematical discipline, making good progression through their actuarial exams (or equivalent). You should have at least 2 years' experience in the General Insurance industry with skills in Excel, Access, VBA, SQL Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85380/599836777"	"08/12/2018 09:19:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDe6"
"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"Haywards Heath, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"Haywards Heath, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A leading insurance business are seeking a Senior Actuarial Analyst to join their growing actuarial and analytics function. You will be responsible for a range of tasks including quarterly reserving, SII tech provisions and regulatory reporting. Given the small nature of the team, you will also have some exposure to capital modelling. The role will be covering multiple insurance products such as home, motor, travel and health insurance.  It's an exciting time to join and contribute to the strategic direction of the business to ensure the continued success and transformation. You will ideally be a student actuary with some level of GI reserving/reporting experience, although candidates coming from life/pensions or investment are encouraged to apply given that you have demonstrated significant aptitude.  "	"Haywards Heath, Sussex, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Arthur Financial"	"Arthur Financial"	"JS7286_85306/598778493"	"07/12/2018 13:16:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5be"
"Senior Actuarial Trainee - Life"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Trainee - Life"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to support a number of workstreams, including are valuation & regulatory reporting, capital & risk management, product development and financial & experience analyses. In this excellent career-development opportunity, you will grow your knowledge in line with the actuarial development programme and to provide training for other actuarial trainees. IT literate and with good communication and interpersonal skills, you will possess the ability to liaise with and lead teams. Talented exam-stoppers will be considered.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85288/598778366"	"06/12/2018 09:19:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwgx"
"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"South West"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"South West - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"An aggressively growing life insurer is looking to hire an actuarial student into their rapidly growing office. You will work in a multi-disciplinary team that deals with business planning, pricing, and financial reporting. You can expect a lot of internal and external stakeholder management so you will need to be a strong communicator. Ideally, you are comfortable with working unsupervised and taking ownership of your work.  Our clients is open to all backgrounds as long as you have the right attitude ie curiosity.  If you are curious to hear more about this role, please get in touch: or . "	"South West, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_85105/599836954"	"08/12/2018 09:09:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdE"
"Student Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Student Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading life insurer, have a requirement for a student actuary to join their pricing team. Key Responsibilities: Work within the proposition team on product development, pricing and the implementation of new and existing products across a range of product lines. Support the developing of pricing models Support ad-hoc Sales & Marketing work and projects Key Skills and Experience: The ideal candidate will be a part qualified actuary making good progress with their actuarial exams Modelling skills using Excel and other analytical tools Ability to communicate well at all levels, both orally and in writing To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82538/598778570"	"07/12/2018 15:20:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6JV"
"Interim - Actuarial Reporting Process Improvement - London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Actuarial Reporting Process Improvement - London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in London in the search for a Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary to join them on a 6 month Interim assignment. Assisting with the delivery of the IFRS 17 project  SII and Reporting skills essential IFRS 17 knowledge desired but not essential  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82796/598778449"	"06/12/2018 09:17:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwey"
"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to carry out and oversee elements of the quarterly and monthly reserve review exercises whilst conducting regular and ad hoc pricing analyses to support underwriting teams. In this exciting career-development opportunity, you will model, interpret and monitor business data to identify and confirm market trends, niche product opportunities and new/changing rating factors.  In addition, you will provide professional actuarial input in the development and launch of new products. With a good working knowledge of the commercial lines market, the successful candidate will possess a sound understanding of reserving and pricing analysis and principles & experience of a wide range of technical issues. Strong IT skills and in-depth experience of Excel and working knowledge of SAS is essential; dditional IT skills (Python, R) an advantage. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82714/598778458"	"06/12/2018 09:14:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwc5"
"Trainee Actuarial Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Actuarial Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are proud to be a leading independent UK consultancy at the forefront of risk, pensions, investment and insurance. Each individual delivers on our shared values and our commitment to ensuring the highest levels of trust, integrity and quality. We aim to continue our growth by recruiting talented and committed individuals that have the desire to learn and develop. We strive to employ staff who share our values and can bring special skills - enhancing the service that we provide to our clients. Longevity Consulting is a specialist team, focused on longevity, mortality and morbidity risks. Our work often involves analysis of individual data portfolios and population data, to help clients understand future longevity experience and its implications, and is supported by a programme of ongoing research. Our principal ongoing client is the Continuous Mortality Investigation (CMI), part of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries. The CMI is the team's largest client and it is expected that the role-holder will play a key role in ensuring that we continue to deliver a high-quality service that meets, or exceeds, the client's evolving needs. About the role Here are some of the duties and responsibilities that you can expect: Supervising and checking work of other team members, including data processing, analysis and report writing Managing the collection and processing of CMI's research data from life insurers Verifying the results of mortality and morbidity experience analyses Drafting reports Assisting specific CMI committees with their ongoing research Development of internal systems Involvement in client management for projects for other clients Undertaking research into and presentation of the latest trends in mortality and morbidity Carrying out chargeable client work to agreed budget and timescales Accurate and timely time-recording and responsibility for invoicing clients About the person We're looking for a candidate with somewhere between 1 and 3 years' practical experience working within a life insurer Ideally, we'd like you to have made some progress with your actuarial exams but this isn't essential, however, a desire to study and progress is You will need to have good IT skills to be able to perform all aspects of the role and if you have some exposure to Visual Basic, SQL and R then this would be a real bonus At Barnett Waddingham we look for candidates who like to deliver a high quality service, exceeding expections where they can We also look for strong team skills - we work as a team and look for people who are happy to roll their sleeves up What we offer We have a competitive benefits package, which includes generous pension contributions, discretionary annual bonus, life assurance, private medical cover, gym membership/class discounts, study support for relevant professional qualifications The opportunity to work for an award-winning financial services firm, which continues to grow A modern and spacious flagship office, opened in August 2018 - based in the City of London, close to transport links, shops, cafes etc "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Barnett Waddingham LLP"	"Barnett Waddingham LLP"	"JS7286_82640/598778882"	"07/12/2018 13:31:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gr"
"Part Qualified Actuary (Financial Risk)"	"£41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified Actuary (Financial Risk)"	"Croydon - £41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Part - Qualified Actuary (Financial Risk) £41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress through the actuarial exams Croydon Our client is looking for an Actuary (Part-Qualified) to join their team on a permanent basis. The Actuary will support the provision of actuarial advice to the Board by carrying out or checking a range of actuarial, quantitative finance or modelling processes. Typical responsibilities include calculating results from their actuarial models, drafting appropriate technical responses using suitable methodology and understanding their complex risk framework from a financial and non-financial perspective. It is expected that interested applicants can demonstrate a strong numerical and analytical skill set within the insurance, pension or investment industry, as well as having successfully completed some actuarial exams to-date. You will be given support to take actuarial exams through their competitive study leave package. Additionally, they aim to help you improve your existing skills and provide the opportunity for you to learn new skills in a fast-paced financial services environment. Sound like you? Apply now. Now is a really exciting time for them. They've got big plans for 2019, and beyond, and they'd love you to join us. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcome applications from all sections of the community. No agencies please "	"Croydon, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress GBP"	"Networx"	"claire smith"	"JSNTXDB357039/578151252"	"05/12/2018 10:55:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlmOn"
"Longevity Actuarial Analyst - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Actuarial Analyst - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life insurer with their search for a Longevity Actuarial Analyst. This is an excellent opportunity to join a market-leading team, in a rapidly expanding business area. The role will also offer: Varied and interesting work, including analytics, research and assumptions setting. The provision of analysis and insights to inform business decisions. Access to the senior leadership team. Full study support, and based in a central London location. The ideal candidate will be a part or nearly Qualified Actuary, with a knowledge of the retirement market and products (bulk annuities, longevity swaps etc.). Applicants from Life insurance or Pensions background will be considered, and strong communication skills are required. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85310/598778291"	"06/12/2018 09:16:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwd7"
"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary to join its reserving team where you will provide support through reporting activities and communication of the results. In this key role, you will provide support to the line of business and business segment functions, including underwriting, pricing and claims. In addition, you will assist with the production and discussions around the business plan and capital model parameterisation. With experience in supporting trainee actuaries, the successful candidate will possess excellent team-working, communication and interpersonal skills. An excellent opportunity to make an impact within a genuine market-leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82451/598778982"	"06/12/2018 11:23:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxMx"
"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Annuities Reporting Actuarial Analyst. They will consider candidates from a Pensions background who are looking to move into Life Insurance.  This role will give you the opportunity to work across a variety of metrics in a fast-growing business area, as well as project-based work including; IFRS 17 implementation, process automation and advising on new deals and products. The opportunity also includes: Liaising with the senior leadership team, and managing internal and external relationships. The opportunity to take on mentoring responsibilities for junior staff. Working across the whole reporting cycle- from initial data to number production. The ideal candidate will be a part to nearly qualified actuary.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83937/598778689"	"06/12/2018 11:17:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxJg"
"Senior Actuarial Audit Manager - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Audit Manager - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified life actuary to deploy a cutting-edge, quarterly, risk-based audit plan, ensuring that the plan focuses audit activity on key areas of most significant business risk.  Monitoring and anticipating regulatory and business change, you will assess the potential impact and instigate exceptional audits as required.  You will also support the ongoing development of audit methodology and approach in respect of model error risk. With detailed knowledge of life and pensions insurance products throughout their lifecycle, the successful candidate will possess a demonstrable understanding of risk management principles and practices. Strong leadership, interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills also essential. An excellent career opportunity within a market-leader. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82628/598778790"	"07/12/2018 13:31:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gv"
"South Coast Actuarial Life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"South Coast Actuarial Life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Take the next step in your actuarial career and join a nimble and growing business in this role focused on supporting the delivery of key reporting metrics to the business.While being supported with studying for the actuarial qualification, you will also have involvement and input into projects across other areas exciting areas of work.Knowledge and experience of Solvency II and IFRS will be helpful, whilst strong abilities in Excel and Word are a must. Any SQL and coding knowledge would be an advantage."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5107/593978747"	"03/12/2018 15:19:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQcZ"
"South Coast Actuarial Life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"South Coast Actuarial Life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Take the next step in your actuarial career and join a nimble and growing business in this role focused on supporting the delivery of key reporting metrics to the business. While being supported with studying for the actuarial qualification, you will also have involvement and input into projects across other areas exciting areas of work. Knowledge and experience of Solvency II and IFRS will be helpful, whilst strong abilities in Excel and Word are a must. Any SQL and coding knowledge would be an advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82749/598778550"	"07/12/2018 15:21:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6KJ"
"Senior Actuarial Consultant - GI Reserving"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Consultant - GI Reserving"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Major global consultancy has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified GI actuary to join the reserving team in a client-facing role where you will assist in the technical delivery and reporting for projects, taking ownership of at least one major workstream. You will possess experience of independent reserve reviews under different accounting bases for Property and Casualty classes of business with experience of the London and Bermuda market. You will also have experience of reserving process improvement and development work, alongside development or review of Solvency II technical provisions and associated processes. In addition, you will possess knowledge of reserve risk assessment using stochastic techniques alongside development of risk management frameworks under Solvency II. Contact us now for more information on this excellent career development role."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85256/598778367"	"06/12/2018 09:18:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwfQ"
"Review Actuary - AFH team - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Review Actuary - AFH team - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life Insurer with their search for a Qualified Actuary to work within second line review. The purpose of the role is to work with the Chief Actuary to challenge and review all first line work including ALM, capital and pricing. Key responsibilities include: Management of risk. Performing reviews of financial information via regulatory frameworks. Stress testing processes and ORSA contribution. Recommending improvements to processes, including methodology. Key competencies include: A Qualified Actuary with broad experience within the UK insurance industry, covering at least two technical Actuarial areas. Knowledge of risk management, regulatory framework and ALM.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85247/598778821"	"07/12/2018 15:20:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6JU"
"Annuities Pricing Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Annuities Pricing Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life Insurer with their search for a Part Qualified Actuarial Analyst to join their Bulk Annuities Pricing team. They will consider candidates from a Pensions background for this position, due to the high level of transferable and relevant knowledge.  The role will provide the following opportunity: Excellent interaction with the senior leadership team. Supporting the provision of bulk annuity and longevity quotes to pension schemes. Opportunity to learn new skills within modelling, pricing and annuities.  Full study scheme, and generous package.  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82788/598778272"	"06/12/2018 09:16:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweH"
"Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst - Model Development"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst - Model Development"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst. The Opportunity: Opportunity to work with a rapidly growing, fast-paced Insurer. Ability to work on model development projects across capital, reporting, modelling, pricing and reinsurance. Excellent opportunity to develop specialist modelling and systems skills. Study support towards actuarial exams given as well as a full mentoring program from an experienced actuary. Ideal candidate: Experience in Excel, VBA and SQL. Experience working with an actuarial system or software (Prophet, MoSes, RAFM) Part qualified actuary Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83960/594974302"	"03/12/2018 16:40:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRf9"
"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines - Reserving"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines - Reserving"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Goodman Masson are recruiting for a Global Insurer who have a presence globally. They are looking for a part qualified actuary who is interested in working within their Commercial Lines Reserving team...This is an exciting role providing Reserving support to their Commercial Lines business. Though your role will focus on reserving and solvency II, there will also be opportunities to get exposure to capital modelling and pricing.The ideal candidate will have had at least 18 months of GI Actuarial experience ideally within reserving. Having a good understanding of some actuarial software eg ResQ will be a bonus. They would also like to see you making good progress with your CT examinations. If you're interested in finding out more about this role, please get in contact...  "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82504/599836828"	"08/12/2018 09:09:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDcx"
"Assistant Longevity Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Longevity Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Major global reinsurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified actuary to support the overall longevity strategy whilst leading on projects for in force management and carrying out regular inforce tasks/checks. With previous pensions and longevity experience, the successful candidate will possess strong analytical skills alongside strong written and oral communication skills and excellent negotiation skills. Experience working in Life related fields alongside a good understanding of DB de-risking offerings in the market would be desirable. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85279/598778814"	"06/12/2018 11:22:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxMC"
"International IFRS17 Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"International IFRS17 Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a dedicated and focused part-qualified actuary to work in their international IFRS 17 team. Ideally you will have a 2:1 degree from a good university and have experience in understanding accounting principles. You will be very technical with strong IT skills.  Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. James Harrison Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82846/598778442"	"07/12/2018 15:29:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Mg"
"Change Actuary - Project-Base Role - FTSE 100 Life Insurer - Qualified"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Change Actuary - Project-Base Role - FTSE 100 Life Insurer - Qualified"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 life insurer with their search for a Qualified Change Actuary. This is an excellent opportunity to work on interesting and varied projects, in a highly visible position. The role will also offer: Project-based role focussing on the development and optimisation of Reporting processes. Opportunity to work on projects including; IFRS 17, process improvement, implementation of robotics techniques. Management of senior stakeholder relationships across the business. Chance to work in a fast-growing business area with rapidly evolving requirements. Team management responsibilities possible. The ideal candidate will be a qualified Actuary, with experience within the Reporting team of a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy. Prior change management experience and a knowledge of annuities or retirement products is advantageous.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85073/599836864"	"08/12/2018 07:04:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCOw"
"Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst - Model Development - Growing Life In"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst - Model Development - Growing Life In"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst. The Opportunity: Opportunity to work with a rapidly growing, fast-paced Insurer. Ability to work on model development projects across capital, reporting, modelling, pricing and reinsurance. Excellent opportunity to develop specialist modelling and systems skills. Study support towards actuarial exams given as well as a full mentoring program from an experienced actuary. Ideal candidate: Experience in Excel, VBA and SQL. Experience working with an actuarial system or software (Prophet, MoSes, RAFM) Part qualified actuary  To discuss the role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit a CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83960/599836888"	"08/12/2018 09:08:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDcw"
"Longevity Risk Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Risk Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life insurer with their search for a Longevity Risk Actuary. Key responsibilities include:  Managing the development of the models for predicting the mortality experience of the business, including mortality pricing to reflect mortality risk, and ensure market competitiveness.  Supporting longevity risk research.  Development of group profiling systems. The ideal candidate will be a nearly or newly Qualified Actuary, with experience analysing mortality, modelling longevity risk and longevity pricing/reporting. They will have excellent communication skills, in order to build effective relationships and convey complex information to a range of stakeholders.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85228/598778670"	"07/12/2018 13:33:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5iS"
"IFRS Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"South East, UK"	"Permanent"	"IFRS Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"South East, UK - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Market-leading insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary to support a number of key workstreams including IFRS17 implementation, reserving, and aspects of capital modelling.  In this highly collaborative role, you will be instrumental in the production, monitoring and communication of quarterly reserves on an IFRS and Solvency II basis for the Personal lines of business. With the ability to influence key stakeholders, you will possess knowledge of various reserving techniques and familiarity with ResQ. An innovative and creative thinker, you will also possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82861/598778586"	"06/12/2018 11:10:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxEQ"
"Finance Reporting Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Finance Reporting Actuary - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A major insurer is seeking a qualified life actuary to support the IFRS and Solvency II (base) reporting function to provide timely and accurate delivery and commentary of financial reporting results. Bringing knowledge of annuity products and the assets used to back these liabilities, you will represent the team for reporting metrics and MI within the company, building and maintaining effective relationships with a range of stakeholders. In addition, you will assist with the development, implementation and maintenance of reporting systems, processes and methodologies, ensuring that they are robust and that risks are assessed and appropriately controlled. With a good understanding of asset and liability modelling, the successful candidate will also possess good knowledge of financial reporting metrics: IFRS, EV, EC, and Solvency II. Understanding of bulk and individual annuity products also essential. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82581/598778793"	"06/12/2018 11:12:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxGC"
"Part Qualified Actuarial Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified Actuarial Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I am conducting a search for a part qualified actuary for a leading actuarial UK consultancy in London.  They are interested in speaking to student actuaries who have acquired experience in the Life Insurance industry and have a good understanding of the UK regulatory regime. The role will be uniquely diverse across: Risk Management, Solvency II, Capital Management, Investment ALM, Internal Model development, Reinsurance and Pricing/Product Development. This is a green-field opportunity to fast track your career in a meritocracy with little hierarchy You will be a driven and motivated individual looking to develop your professional career in a client focused consultancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_83959/598778846"	"06/12/2018 11:11:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxFM"
"Head of Actuarial Analysis & Reporting"	"GBP"	"Bournemouth, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Head of Actuarial Analysis & Reporting"	"Bournemouth, Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Consultant Name: Ben Ballard Telephone Number: (0) Email Address:  Key Responsibilities: Ensures that teams deliver desired outcomes in complex, fast moving business and regulatory environment: Responsible for actuarial reporting and analysis for all Life products and regulated entities at a group level for all reporting bases Produce MI relevant to area of responsibility, including monthly inputs into Group Performance Pack, information for the Group ALCO Pack and daily solvency estimates To address ad-hoc requests from the management and regulators involving solvency estimates, impacts and sensitivities  To deputise for the Finance Controller as needed through quarterly valuation and reporting process and present key reports on solvency and financial performance to the Audit Committee Monitor regulatory and market developments and assess their impacts on team Promote good risk management practices and ensure all applicable to firm policies are followed by the team Be responsible for providing technical support and coaching to qualified and part qualified professionals, to ensure that the highest standards are achieved within the department and an attitude of continuous personal development is adopted Looks beyond existing methodologies to define and resolve complex problems Provide input into Finance Strategy and contribute to development of Finance plan including project activity Ensure that effective relationships are established and maintained with other business areas across the firm and externally where necessary Embed and drive continuous improvement across Finance and the firm more broadly Be responsible for managing, coaching and development of team members utilising the firms performance management system To provide advice and make recommendations on the implications of business decisions on key internal and regulatory metrics Qualifications/Experience: 7+ years of post-qualification experience in actuarial reporting and/or capital management Good working knowledge of Solvency I (Peak 1, Peak 2 and Pillar2), Solvency II and IFRS reporting processes with management expertise in at least one of these areas Experience and knowledge of analysing changes in Pillar 2 and Solvency II capital and knowledge of with-profits business is an advantage Good understanding of the UK financial services market and economic environment Significant leadership experience Fellow of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries "	"Bournemouth, Dorset, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_82635/598778886"	"07/12/2018 16:01:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Tc"
"Capital Management Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Management Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 insurer in their search for a Capital Management actuary. The purpose of this role is to assist in the development and implementation of innovation capital optimisation solutions. Further responsibilities include: Developing the Capital Management framework. Structuring for transactions. Communicating with internal and external stakeholders and business partners. The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary, with experience within Capital, Transactions or Structuring within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy. They will have a good knowledge of SII and balance sheet management. The candidate should also have excellent communication skills.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82612/598778403"	"06/12/2018 09:14:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwcc"
"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Specialist insurer and provider of innovative risk solutions has a fantastic vacancy for a part-qualified or qualified GI actuary with exposure to capital modelling in the London Market to assist the development, delivery and operation of the Capital Model.  In this exciting career opportunity, you will assist the embedding of model uses across the business in particular with the risk management framework, business planning and reinsurance purchase. In addition, you will contribute to the quarterly and year-end actuarial reserving reviews as required, whilst producing and assisting in presenting reserving summaries. Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills are essential; technical programming skills (eg Igloo) would be beneficial.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85204/598778342"	"06/12/2018 09:07:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwY8"
"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Specialist insurer and provider of innovative risk solutions has a fantastic vacancy for a part-qualified or qualified GI actuary with exposure to capital modelling in the London Market to assist the development, delivery and operation of the Capital Model. In this exciting career opportunity, you will assist the embedding of model uses across the business in particular with the risk management framework, business planning and reinsurance purchase.In addition, you will contribute to the quarterly and year-end actuarial reserving reviews as required, whilst producing and assisting in presenting reserving summaries.Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills are essential; technical programming skills (eg Igloo) would be beneficial."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	NA	"JSSTAR5208/593978832"	"03/12/2018 15:09:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQU1"
"Risk Management Actuary - Longevity"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Risk Management Actuary - Longevity"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a qualified life actuary with a longevity background to be responsible for the production and communication of year-end assumptions for longevity for the UK and international retirement (primarily annuities) business. In this key role, you will also contribute to the delivery of strategic analytics, SII capital modelling assumptions and pricing assumptions for longevity. Practical experience of model development and the application of statistical methodologies is a must. The successful candidate will also be a talented thought-leader with excellent influencing and interpersonal skills. Contact us now for more information on this excellent career opportunity. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85084/598778346"	"07/12/2018 15:28:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6ML"
"Financial Lines Reserving Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Financial Lines Reserving Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I'm recruiting a Financial Lines Reserving Actuary to support key reserving activities across Financial Lines and assist in capital modelling projects from a Corporate Actuarial perspective. More specifically, this involves: Reserving: Assist in the production of Legal Entity and US GAAP reserve estimates, both gross and net of Reinsurance Assist the liaison with the claims team around impact of initiatives, and specific IBNR areas (eg CAT, financial crisis) Assistance and ownership of production of key reserving results and analytics to take key stakeholders (internal and external to actuarial) through the results relating to Casualty. Working with reinsurance to ensure ongoing understanding of outwards RI changes impacting their lines of business Provide inputs into actuarial reporting Planning: Business Planning: Assist in the production of IFRS and US GAAP Loss Ratios Capital Model Calibration and SII Involvement in the capital model calibration process and support in other key SII activities relating to Casualty. The Ideal Candidate Should Have: Bachelors degree or equivalent Nearly or newly qualified member of an Actuarial Institute Proven proficiency in actuarial concepts and methodologies, including non-standard approaches Proficiency in reserving software eg ResQ Knowledge of SAS, SQL and VBA helpful "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"JS7286_82756/598778873"	"06/12/2018 11:25:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNt"
"Senior Reserving Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Reserving Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A reputable Lloyd's syndicate is seeking a Senior Actuarial Analyst to help in supporting reserving across multiple lines of business.Responsibilities within this role include high-level contribution within the Actuarial function, supporting the ongoing testing, analysis and development of reserving models and preparing reports of claims reserving, as well as, partaking in the quarterly reserving reviews. The candidate will ensure all reports are aligning with SII provisions.This role requires good interpersonal skills due to often liaising with numerous members of Senior Management and individuals from other departments. The Candidate should have at least 2 years' reserving experience with knowledge of the UK GI industry, Reserving computing skills.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82686/598778275"	"06/12/2018 09:16:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweN"
"Pricing and Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing and Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a qualified actuary with European language skills, experience of a variety of business lines and knowledge of exposure and experience-based pricing methods to take up a pricing and reserving role within a growing team. You will have strategic understanding, along with a a customer focus and will use your communication skills to form strong relationships with both the underwriting teams and clients.  Contact us now for more information about this great role. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82487/598778902"	"07/12/2018 13:33:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5iG"
"Part Qualified actuary"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified actuary"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading London Market insurer to source a Part Qualified actuary to join the actuarial team in Central London. The opportunity: Assist in the running of the internal model Assist with quarterly reserving Small team, high exposure to senior management The individual: Part Qualified actuary with excellent exam progress Good IT skills Experience in either Capital or Reserving, with the desire to learn new skills"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85022/598778526"	"06/12/2018 11:10:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxE2"
"Financial Reporting - Actuarial Assistant Manager"	""	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Financial Reporting - Actuarial Assistant Manager"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"If you are a part-qualified or qualified life actuary with experience of IFRS and SII reporting, then this is an excellent opportunity to join a major insurer, supporting the completion of IFRS and SII reporting on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis. Good interpersonal skills, and the ability to work collaboratively are essential. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82418/592939175"	"03/12/2018 15:18:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbo"
"Pricing and Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing and Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a qualified actuary with European language skills, experience of a variety of business lines and knowledge of exposure and experience-based pricing methods to take up a pricing and reserving role within a growing team.You will have strategic understanding, along with a a customer focus and will use your communication skills to form strong relationships with both the underwriting teams and clients. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5302/593978928"	"03/12/2018 15:08:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQUI"
"Senior Life Actuarial Analyst - Systems"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Life Actuarial Analyst - Systems"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking a part-qualified life actuary with advanced technical skills to maintain and enhance the Mo.NET model, developing the model to allow for new products, product features or regulatory change. Well-honed technical skills (VBA, SQL, MS Office, Mo. Net) or equivalent actuarial modelling software (e. g. Prophet, MoSes) are essential. You will also possess knowledge of the UK life and health protection markets, with experience in life office reporting, including Solvency 2, MCEV, IFRS and US GAAP preferable. Talented exam-stoppers will be considered. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85085/598778657"	"06/12/2018 11:24:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNH"
"Financial Reporting Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"South East, UK"	"Permanent"	"Financial Reporting Actuary - Life"	"South East, UK - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client, an international provider of financial services, has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified life actuary with strong reporting experience to work on the delivery of SII results, including capital requirements on a quarterly basis. Supporting the delivery of UK and Canadian GAAP results on a quarterly basis, you will also develop efficient reporting processes and strict controls around those processes whilst supporting wider workstreams including bonus setting, investment strategy, business planning and run-off plans. With a demonstrable ability to deal with change, the successful candidate will have proven influencing skills alongside good knowledge of actuarial modelling and data conversion systems."	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83943/598778384"	"06/12/2018 09:20:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwhD"
"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Qualified or Nearly Qualified GI Pricing Actuary required for a leading Specialty lines insurer. Working closely with underwriters, you will assist in developing and maintaining pricing tools and methodologies as well as assisting with case pricing across multi lines. Predominantly focusing on Aviation business, there will also be the opportunity to work on cross line of business projects with other teams therefore Aviation experience is not a pre-req. The successful candidate will work closely with key stakeholders across London and Europe and have the ability to build rapport and gain buy in within short time frames. You will be a competent user of Excel, VBA & SQL and if not already Qualified, be on the cusp. You must be able to demonstrate a solid track record in Commercial Lines Pricing, with any experience of the Lloyd's/London Market highly beneficial. Only those who already have the right to work in the UK, without the need of visa sponsorship, can be considered. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_82648/598778462"	"06/12/2018 09:17:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwex"
"Senior Projects Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Projects Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Due to a growing balance sheet, our client is looking to grow their team too by hiring a qualified actuary into their London office for a newly created Senior Manager level position.  You will be joining one of the most ambitious areas of the business and report directly into the Head of this area with extensive stakeholder management across the business at all levels.  Overall your role will be to enhance this area's ability by developing and implementing new capabilities into this team. This could be changing the methodology in the way assets/liabilities are valued or implement a new sophisticated way that calculations are looked at with regards to valuation metrics.  The key personality trait that they are looking for is a confident communicator who enjoys working with others.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_85103/598778377"	"06/12/2018 09:16:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweD"
"Part Qualified Actuary - Rotation Program"	"GBP"	"Dorking, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified Actuary - Rotation Program"	"Dorking, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"This is a great opportunity for a Part Qualified Actuary looking to take the next step in their career. You will start you rotation in the Finance function where you will develop strong SII reporting skills, Every 1.5-2 years you will be rotating across the Actuarial department where you will cover Pricing, Modelling, Capital Management and many other areas, The ideal candidate will be a Part Qualified Actuary with a background in Life or Pensions, Making good progress through the Actuarial Exams, Strong Communication skills, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Dorking, Surrey, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85006/598778762"	"07/12/2018 15:28:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MC"
"Boutique consultancy - GI Actuarial"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Boutique consultancy - GI Actuarial"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Boutique consultancy is looking for a strong capital Actuary to join their business. The right person should enjoy the technical side of capital modelling as well as being a keen problem solver. Working with some unique Actuaries this is a challenging position for a highly skilled Actuary. To find out more "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82827/598778865"	"07/12/2018 13:15:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5aj"
"Migration Project Actuary"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Migration Project Actuary"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities include but are not limited to:Agreeing data requirements to feed our Prophet modelling systems.Understanding and explaining movements in reported results due to differences between old and new platformsWorking with the third party supplier to resolve data quality issuesWorking with our Data manipulation team to defined Prophet model point formats and testing their output.Managing key stakeholders, detailing all design decisionsKey Requirements:Qualified or significant Actuarial ExperienceProphetActuarial ReportingExcellent communication skillsIf this is something that would be of interest, please email your CV to or give me a call on  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_85366/599554013"	"07/12/2018 16:01:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TL"
"Assistant Life Manager - Actuarial Change"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Life Manager - Actuarial Change"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer seeks a part-qualified life actuary to deliver change across all actuarial systems and processes, taking responsibility for the planning and ongoing management of the change agenda. The successful candidate will have previous exposure to change activity in the actuarial space and be familiar with the project lifecycle. Direct previous involvement in activities such as requirements gathering, developing, testing and delivering solutions will be an advantage.  Excellent interpersonal and people management skills are also essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  Antony Buxton FIA, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85278/598778741"	"07/12/2018 15:20:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jq"
"Senior Annuities Actuarial Analyst - Part to Nearly Qualified Actuary"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Annuities Actuarial Analyst - Part to Nearly Qualified Actuary"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Annuities Reporting Actuarial Analyst.  This role will give you the opportunity to work across a variety of metrics in a fast-growing business area, as well as project-based work including; IFRS 17 implementation, process automation and advising on new deals and products. The opportunity also includes: Liaising with the senior leadership team, and managing internal and external relationships. The opportunity to take on mentoring responsibilities for junior staff. Working across the whole reporting cycle- from initial data to number production. The ideal candidate will be a part to nearly qualified actuary. A background in reporting is advantageous, however, other backgrounds will be considered.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85241/598778745"	"06/12/2018 11:23:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxMQ"
"Senior Reserving Actuary - London Market"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading London Market insurance provider to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified actuary to join their Reserving team as Senior Actuary.  The opportunity: Begin the path to management through one direct report Exposure to London Market  Flexibility in working arrangements Assist with capital projects when required The individual: Nearly/newly Qualified Actuary with excellent exam progress Background in Reserving is essential Ability to produce high quality work to agreed deadlines  Knowledge of IT skills including Excel "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85028/598778434"	"06/12/2018 09:17:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwfH"
"Divisional Corporate Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Divisional Corporate Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities:  Annual business planning exercise Supporting preparation of key regulatory deliverables such as the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) Responsible for consolidating and reviewing business unit results, as well as calculating corporate-level adjustments Heavily focussed on testing developments for the implementation of new actuarial models Qualifications/Experience: Degree in a relevant subject area, eg mathematics, statistics or actuarial studies A student member or associate member of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries A good working familiarity with actuarial modelling software will be essential (preferably MoSes, but experience with other relevant tools may also be applicable) 1-3 years of industry experience Good understanding of life insurance products Competent user of MoSes (or similar) actuarial modelling platform Good understanding of various statutory and regulatory reporting bases, eg Solvency II and UK IFRS Excellent written and verbal communications skills "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_85370/599554010"	"07/12/2018 09:09:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2ov"
"Financial Lines Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Financial Lines Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities: Providing the FL Profit Centre with the actuarial support they require to profitably grow their business and take remedial action where needed Promote the work of the pricing team, and act as a business partner to have impact on decision-making and improve profitability Produce transactional pricing analysis for FL accounts within agreed timescales, working closely with underwriters Actively involved in technical pricing tool development and enhancements, whilst considering local market requirements Ensure appropriate rate monitoring and MI tracking is in place to understand FL portfolio Training and education of underwriters to understand actuarial work Ensure data used for pricing and monitoring is complete, accurate, adequate and timely Oversee junior members of staff Comply with key regulatory and risk management procedures Adherence to European and Matrix decision making standards within the authorities provided Qualifications/Experience: Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Mathematics/Actuarial Science A qualified member of an Actuarial Institute 5+ years' experience insurance experience "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_82753/598778874"	"06/12/2018 11:24:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNV"
"Commercial Pricing Actuary - Newly Qualified Actuary"	""	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Commercial Pricing Actuary - Newly Qualified Actuary"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Commercial Pricing Actuary.  The purpose of this role is to assist in optimising the pricing activity to improve market competitiveness. The opportunity will also include: Using market insight to recommend pricing strategy improvements. Assisting in the implementation of new modelling techniques, including; GLM modelling and machine learning. Internal and external stakeholder management.  The ideal candidate will be a Newly Qualified Actuary, with previous experience working within the pricing or product development team of a UK life insurer (experience from a range of product backgrounds will be considered). Good communication skills are essential."	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85232/598778669"	"06/12/2018 11:12:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxGL"
"Risk Modelling Actuary with leading ReInsurer"	"GBP"	"West Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Risk Modelling Actuary with leading ReInsurer"	"West Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 Life Insurer with their search for a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Risk Modelling team. The purpose of this role is to assist in the development and maintenance of the methodology for the internal model.  The opportunity: Highly communicative role offering a large amount of senior stakeholder management Working under a dynamic and respected Manager Project based role once the internal model has been implemented, covering SII, Reporting and Internal Model Great career progression opportunities in the future Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary Previous experience working within SII and/or Internal Model of a UK life insurer or consultancy Strong communication skills  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Rebecca Miles at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"West Midlands, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82481/598778609"	"07/12/2018 13:17:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5bq"
"Senior Marketing Actuary - Leading Life Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Marketing Actuary - Leading Life Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Marketing Actuary. This is an excellent opportunity to move into a highly commercial role, working closely with the senior leadership team to optimise their market position. Responsibilities include: Leading an expanding business area, and managing key internal and external stakeholder relationships. Using market insight to recommend strategy improvements, and advice on product developments.  Lead the conception and delivery of propositions. Represent the team and brand at industry events and conferences. The ideal candidate will be an experienced Qualified Actuary, with previous experience working within the pricing or product development team of a UK life insurer (experience from a range of product backgrounds will be considered). Good communication skills are essential. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance, Sales and Marketing"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83938/598778578"	"06/12/2018 11:11:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxE8"
"Qualified Pricing Actuary role at leading ReInsurer, Central London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Pricing Actuary role at leading ReInsurer, Central London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 ReInsurer in Central London with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing team. The purpose of this role is to manage the process of compiling tenders and to lead on Pricing projects. The opportunity: Great deal of client interaction and exposure to the industry Interaction with senior stakeholders Management of projects and mentoring of Actuarial students Flexible working on offer - up to 2 days from home per week Chance to move into Pricing from another technical area Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary (1-3 years PQE) Previous experience working within Protection Pricing, although all backgrounds will be considered. Strong communication skills. Fairbank Partners acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83971/598778268"	"06/12/2018 09:16:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwd8"
"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"I am currently working on a wide range of London Market pricing roles in both insurance and reinsurance. All roles are at a part-qualified level and will look at any candidate with a strong academic background and at least one years' GI actuarial experience. The positions will focus on a blend of business classes and you will be expected to liaise closely with the underwriting teams. Successful applicants will gain experience in all elements of portfolio analysis, pricing model building and individual account pricing. "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_85177/599836858"	"08/12/2018 09:12:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDeA"
"Senior Qualified Actuary - IFRS 17 Implementation Team"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Qualified Actuary - IFRS 17 Implementation Team"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior IFRS 17 Actuary.  This role is within the internal consulting team, and is a project-based position with the current focus being on the IFRS 17 implementation. Further responsibilities include: Supporting the interpretation and integration of IFRS 17. Reviewing and challenging methodologies, model developments and documentation. Working closely with senior stakeholders and management across the business. The ideal candidate will be a senior qualified actuary, with a minimum of 3 years' post-qualification. Previous experience within the Reporting team of a UK Life insurer, and a good knowledge of SII is required. Knowledge of IFRS 17 pre-implementation is advantageous, as is previous experience managing junior colleagues.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85024/598778933"	"07/12/2018 15:28:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MH"
"Qualified Reporting Actuary with expanding South London insurer "	"£80,000 "	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Reporting Actuary with expanding South London insurer "	"London - £80,000 "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a fast growing life insurer in South East London with their search for a Reporting Actuary. This role works across a number of Reporting metrics as well as involvement in wider projects. The opportunity:  Chance to work on on-going financial transformation and Prophet migration projects Great opportunities for future career progression Join a small company, allowing involvement in activity across the business Join an active insurer who are growing through acquisitions (closed books), Protection and Savings Products Base salary of up to £80,000 plus a bonus of c7% Ideal candidate:  Qualified Actuary Previous Reporting experience within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy Strong communication skills  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£80,000 "	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82704/598778554"	"06/12/2018 11:31:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOo"
"Senior Protection Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Protection Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Commercial Actuary. The purpose of this role is to assist in optimising the pricing activity to improve profitability for the Protection product line. The opportunity includes: Fast-paced and varied work, including negotiating and implementing new reinsurance treaties and assisting in product development. You will also coordinate the re-pricing activity, and assist in the definition of the pricing strategy.  Liaising directly with the senior leadership team, and managing internal and external relationships. The opportunity to lead a team of varying levels. The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a strong communication and leadership skills. They will consider candidates from a range of Actuarial backgrounds.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82876/598778388"	"06/12/2018 09:17:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweZ"
"Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary - Big 4 Consultancy"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary - Big 4 Consultancy"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are working with one of the Big 4 who are looking to bring on a Part or Nearly Qualified Actuary in their Life team You will be exposed to a broad range of Actuarial work and it is a great place for you to develop new skills. There is a big focus on IFRS17, M&A, Capital Management and Transactions projects, The ideal candidate will be a Part or Nearly Qualified Life Actuary and you will be part of their study program, Strong communication skills are key, You will need to have good problem solving skills and eagerness to learn"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85007/598778382"	"06/12/2018 09:18:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwff"
"Step up in Capital Actuarial"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Step up in Capital Actuarial"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"With a strong technical actuarial background in capital modelling and the ability to mentor others and run projects, you will have the opportunity to develop and refine your capital experience with the potential to become a future leader in the team.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85169/598778296"	"06/12/2018 09:16:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweU"
"Entry level GI Actuarial role - London market"	"GBP"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Entry level GI Actuarial role - London market"	"City of London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Have you recently graduated and are looking for your first actuarial role within general insurance? My city based client offers excellent training and full study support for entry level candidates who meet the following criteria: ideally first class (minimum 2:1) degree in a Maths related subject, A/A* in Maths A level (no less than a B in any other subject), strong IT skills (eg Excel, VBA), good communication skills. Please send your CV to be considered."	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_85302/598778365"	"06/12/2018 09:16:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweL"
"CONTRACT: R&D Actuary - Life/Pensions"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"CONTRACT: R&D Actuary - Life/Pensions"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading reinsurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified life actuarial contractor to assist in the development of longevity and demographic Terms of Trade through analysis of experience data.In this key role, you will assist in finalising the development and testing of an internal postcode longevity model, customising its use for the pricing of longevity swaps for UK DB pensions schemes.In addition, you will assist in developing a new model for pricing pensions scheme demographic risks.Demonstrable experience of pricing or valuing longevity business within a consultancy, reinsurer or life office environment is essential.Experience of actuarial techniques such as Generalised Linear Models and Survival Models would be desirable."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5103/593978744"	"03/12/2018 10:50:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlNan"
"Capital Optimisation - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Optimisation - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 insurer in their search for a Capital Management actuary. The opportunity includes: Oversight of the full end-to-end development and implementation of innovative capital optimisation solutions. Ownership of the Capital Management framework. Structuring for transactions. Communicating with internal and external stakeholders and business partners. Working with market-leading experts.  The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary, with experience within Capital, Transactions or Structuring within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy. They will have a good knowledge of SII and balance sheet management. The candidate should also have excellent communication skills.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85010/598778934"	"07/12/2018 13:32:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5hB"
"Senior Risk Modelling Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Modelling Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a large UK Life Insurer who are looking to grow a new Risk Modelling team. You will join and lead a team of technical modelling actuaries, Using your own judgement, review all risk results and present findings and new strategic plans to senior management and committees, Along with other senior managers you will play a key role setting the future financial strategy of the business, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life Insurance, Experience of working in a Risk function of a large life insurer, Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85230/599836849"	"08/12/2018 07:02:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCNT"
"Senior Qualified Pricing Actuary for a central London life Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Qualified Pricing Actuary for a central London life Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a UK life insurer with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing Team as a Senior Pricing Actuary. The purpose of the role is to manage the process of compiling tenders for specific quotes and to support the Pricing Actuaries by taking ownership of projects. The Opportunity: Great deal of client interaction and exposure to the industry. Ability to create and further develop your Pricing market network Interaction with senior stakeholders. Management of projects and mentoring of Actuarial students. Flexible working on offer - up to 2 days from home per week Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary with 3+ years' experience, preferably in Pricing in life Insurance or the Reinsurance market. Experience of managing small project teams. Ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. Strong IT skills with good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83957/598778351"	"06/12/2018 11:26:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxN2"
"Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary vacancy for a Global Insurer"	""	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary vacancy for a Global Insurer"	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 Life Insurer with their search for a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Risk team in Scotland. This role will focus on monitoring the solvency and financial strength of the company while providing support and challenge to the rest of the business. The opportunity:  Work with stakeholder by reviewing and overseeing first line work. Be a key player in decision making across the business by signing off on transactions and transformation proposals. Ability for agile working/working from home. Communication with senior leadership and stakeholders Ideal candidate:  Nearly or Newly Qualified Actuary Experience in working in a Risk or Second Line team would be advantageous, Good understanding of SII Previous experience of stakeholder management Strong communication skills Fairbank Partners have access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85186/598778343"	"06/12/2018 09:17:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwet"
"Qualified Economic Risk Actuary position with expanding FTSE 100 Insur"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Economic Risk Actuary position with expanding FTSE 100 Insur"	"Edinburgh - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 Life Insurer in Scotland with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Economic Risk team. This role will focus on the development of the SII Internal Model methodology, particularly in developing the economic risk methodology. The opportunity: Designing and enhancement of market risk stresses Development of methodology for illiquid asset classes Join a FTSE 100 company at an exciting period of growth Opportunity to build management responsibilities into the role Highly communicative role - you will regularly be liaising with internal and external stakeholders Salary of up to £70,000 plus wider package and benefits Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary Experience in the design/proposal of SII or ICA methodology would be preferable Illiquid asset or credit risk modelling experience would be ideal Advanced knowledge of VBA and R is desirable Strong communication skills.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Rebecca Miles at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Edinburgh, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82813/598778953"	"07/12/2018 13:34:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5io"
"Qualified Economic Risk Actuary position with expanding FTSE 100 Insur"	"GBP"	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Economic Risk Actuary position with expanding FTSE 100 Insur"	"Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 Life Insurer in Scotland with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Economic Risk team. This role will focus on the development of the SII Internal Model methodology, particularly in developing the economic risk methodology. The opportunity: Designing and enhancement of market risk stresses Development of methodology for illiquid asset classes Join a FTSE 100 company at an exciting period of growth Opportunity to build management responsibilities into the role Highly communicative role - you will regularly be liaising with internal and external stakeholders Salary of up to £70,000 plus wider package and benefits Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary Experience in the design/proposal of SII or ICA methodology would be preferable Illiquid asset or credit risk modelling experience would be ideal Advanced knowledge of VBA and R is desirable Strong communication skills.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Rebecca Miles at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Scotland, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85235/598778646"	"07/12/2018 13:16:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5bU"
"Senior Risk Pricing Actuary - Head of Level - FTSE 100 Insurer"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Pricing Actuary - Head of Level - FTSE 100 Insurer"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life Insurer with their search for a Head of Risk Pricing.  The opportunity includes: Working with internal and external contacts and stakeholders to identify changes that could impact strategies, and formulating appropriate responses. Reviewing and challenging the existing approach to risk pricing, and informing and making recommendations to senior leadership. Leading on the development of new risk pricing ideas, including new methodologies or risk factors. Opportunity to lead a team in a growing business area.  The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with previous experience working within Pricing at a UK Life Insurer or Reinsurer. They ought to have a good knowledge of Protection products.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"South East, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82786/599836915"	"08/12/2018 09:12:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDeF"
"Qualified Risk Modelling Actuary - Opportunity to Grow Your Own Team"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Risk Modelling Actuary - Opportunity to Grow Your Own Team"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"You will be one of the first Actuaries to join a newly formed team tasked with bring the Risk Modelling process back in-house. Responsible for results production and presentation of findings to a range of Senior Managers across the Risk and Finance functions, Influence work being done by the Methodology & Assumptions team, Play an active role in recruiting a team of technical strong Part and Newly Qualified Actuaries, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life Insurance, Experience of working in a Group Head Office would be advantageous, Strong background across Risk Modelling and a good understanding of Economic Capital  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82778/598778549"	"06/12/2018 11:09:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxDn"
"Head of Longevity - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Longevity - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Head of Longevity. The opportunity includes: Leading a multi-disciplinary team, and representing the team across the business and the wider market. High level of senior stakeholder interaction and relationship management. Optimising the market competitiveness of the business area, and representing the company's profile as a market leader. Developing and implementing new and innovative longevity science techniques and strategies.  The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with strong communication and leadership skills. They will have a strong background in longevity, and a thorough knowledge of longevity risk.  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85240/598778294"	"06/12/2018 09:14:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwcy"
"Big 4 Part Qualified Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Big 4 Part Qualified Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners is working with the Big Four consultancies to source an Part Qualified Actuary to join at the Assistant Manager grade. The opportunity: Chance to work flexibly in a way that suits you best Liaise with numerous Departments including Finance through Connective Consulting Take part in multiple projects across Capital, Reserving and Pricing Take part in topical projects such as Brexit and IFRS17 for an array of London Market and Personal Lines clients Start to build up your client network  The individual: Part Qualified Actuary with a General Insurance background At least 3 years' experience Tier 2 sponsorship is offered to candidates who require it Good communication skills "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82654/598778277"	"06/12/2018 09:12:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwbh"
"Senior Capital Analyst - Full Actuarial Study Support"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Capital Analyst - Full Actuarial Study Support"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading insurer to source a Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary to join their Capital team.  The opportunity: Develop and optimise the Internal Capital Model to reach external and internal requirements Ensure the model is compliant with SII Stress and Scenario testing Carry out ORSA projections Small team, high levels of exposure to senior management The individual: Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary with good exam progress Background in Capital is essential Previous interaction with ORSA is preferable  Good IT skills  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82653/598778782"	"06/12/2018 11:16:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxIz"
"Modelling and Systems Transformation Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Modelling and Systems Transformation Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a specialist Life Insurer who are going through a period of system transformation and are looking for an Actuary to lead this process. You will play a leading role in upgrading the current Actuarial Systems and Spreadsheets to RAFM, A key part of this role will be to seek out process improvement and propose changes to the current way of working, Communicate these changes to Senior Managers and key executives, Work closely with the IFRS17 projects team to assist with its implementation, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life Insurance, Strong Actuarial systems skills; RAFM would be highly desired, Good communication skills, Fairbank Partners acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82614/598778402"	"06/12/2018 09:07:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwYx"
"Senior Audit Manager - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Audit Manager - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 life insurer with their search for a Senior Audit Manager. The role offers excellent variety across a breadth of actuarial topics. The opportunity also includes: Assisting in the effective identification of risks, and strengthening of control frameworks. Challenge and advise various teams, and manage key stakeholder relationships. Manage and deliver audits to deadline. The ideal candidate will be a qualified Actuary, with broad life insurance experience. Prior Audit experience is advantageous, and you will need excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85072/598778834"	"06/12/2018 11:25:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNY"
"Specialist Consultancy- Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Specialist Consultancy- Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a specialist Consultancy, who are looking to recruit into their London Practice at the Nearly/Newly Qualified level. This role will involve providing advisory services to a range of clients, alongside general consulting and project work. An essential part of the role is Actuarial modelling in relation to Financial Transformation projects, but will also include; capital management, M&A and Risk Management. You will also be supporting Senior Managers in winning new business and maintaining client relationships. The ideal candidate will be a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary, making good progress through their exams, with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Previous modelling experience is advantageous, across software packages including Prophet or MoSes, and coding languages such as C#, MatLab or R. Candidates from a range of backgrounds will be considered.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85031/598778522"	"06/12/2018 11:08:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxDN"
"Pricing and Product Development - Qualified Actuary - South West"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Pricing and Product Development - Qualified Actuary - South West"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 company with their search for a Research and Development Actuary, to work on Pricing and Product development.  The opportunity includes: The research, design and develop new products across a varied product range.  Provide actuarial expertise and advice across the business, and to external entities.  High level of stakeholder engagement and management.  Lead, direct and motivate the other team members. Excellent package, flexible working, and career progression.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82800/599836906"	"08/12/2018 09:19:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDe7"
"Part or Newly Qualified Pricing Actuary for a UK Leading Insurer - Gre"	"GBP"	"Swindon"	"Permanent"	"Part or Newly Qualified Pricing Actuary for a UK Leading Insurer - Gre"	"Swindon - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life Insurer with their search for a newly/part Qualified Actuary to join their Commercial Pricing Team. The Opportunity: This is an excellent opportunity to join an internationally recognised brand. To help develop and grow the Insurer's protection and wealth markets; developing both your technical skills and commercial understanding of the market. Opportunities to rotate throughout the business, and plentiful opportunities for career growth. Excellent exposure to the senior leadership team, and the opportunity to take ownership over projects. Ideal candidate: Newly Qualified Actuary with >2 years PQE or student who is making good progress in their exams. Previous life Insurance experience. Knowledge of pricing processes, bases and methodology, risk and capital models under Solvency II, MCEV principles and IFRS will be an additional advantage. Technical expertise and knowledge of legislation, regulation, professional guidance and develop understanding of target product range.  To discuss the role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit a CV or contact Jessica Hay at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Swindon, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83956/598778352"	"07/12/2018 16:01:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TS"
"Bulk Annuity Pricing - New Business Team - Qualified Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Bulk Annuity Pricing - New Business Team - Qualified Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a specialist Bulk Annuity Provider who have an excellent opportunity for a Pensions Actuary to move in to Life Insurance. You will join the new business team and work closely with Senior Actuaries as they interact with consultants, layers and trustees, The long term goal of this role is to enable you to lead on your own transactions and negotiations, The Bulk Annuity team is the fastest area of growth in the business and there is a lot of investment in this area to help take more market share, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Pensions consulting, You will need to have strong communication skills, Eager to learn new skills, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85376/599554007"	"07/12/2018 16:01:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TJ"
"Deputy Head of Pricing Role - Protection - Qualified Actuary"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Deputy Head of Pricing Role - Protection - Qualified Actuary"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading Life Insurer with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join them as a Deputy Head of Pricing.  They are particularly interested in speaking with candidates from a Life Insurance Pricing or Product Development background, ideally within Protection (group or individual). The role provides the following opportunity: The role provides a significant opportunity to work on various areas of Pricing and Reinsurance, including liaising with the Marketing team on Product Development proposals, and working closely with the senior leadership team on reprices. Management of a team of student and nearly qualified actuaries. Working closely with various other teams, including finance and systems teams, and managing relationships with internal and external business partners.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82613/598778966"	"06/12/2018 11:20:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxK4"
"Join an international Re-insurer in their Actuarial Pricing arm"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Join an international Re-insurer in their Actuarial Pricing arm"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting an international life insurer with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing Team as a Senior Pricing Actuary. The purpose of the role is to manage the process of compiling tenders for specific quotes and to support the Pricing Actuaries by taking ownership of projects. The Opportunity: Great deal of client interaction and exposure to the industry. Ability to create and further develop your Pricing market network Interaction with senior stakeholders. Management of projects and mentoring of Actuarial students. Flexible working on offer - up to 2 days from home per week Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary with 3+ years' experience, preferably in Pricing in life Insurance or the Reinsurance market. Experience of managing small project teams. Ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. Strong IT skills with good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package  To discuss the role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit a CV or contact Jessica Hay at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85249/598778818"	"07/12/2018 15:25:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Kz"
"Exciting London Market opportunity for a Pricing Actuary ready to work"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Exciting London Market opportunity for a Pricing Actuary ready to work"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a London Market insurer, is looking for a nearly/newly qualified Pricing Actuary to join a strong and growing team, working across several specialty lines of business. The opportunity: Take on managerial responsibilities mentoring Junior Analysts Excellent interaction across the business; providing Actuarial guidance and assistance to underwriters as required, and supervise outsourced resources based abroad Help to develop exciting innovative machine learning techniques The ideal candidate: Nearly or newly qualified Actuary, with strong academic background and active participation in actuarial exams Experience of Commercial or Lloyd's Pricing preferred Excellent technical capability, and proven software expertise Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82524/598778337"	"06/12/2018 09:16:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwdw"
"Part to Nearly Qualified Bulk Annuity Pricing Actuary - Life and Pensi"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part to Nearly Qualified Bulk Annuity Pricing Actuary - Life and Pensi"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"You will have the opportunity to join one of the fastest growing teams in a FTSE 100 Life Insurer. Play a key role in deal pricing to ensure that quotes are priced to attract new customers and are profitable for the business, Build strong relationships with internal Investments and Longevity teams to improve the accuracy of the quotes, You will develop strong technical skills across model development, matching adjustments and data validation, The ideal candidate will be a Part or Nearly Qualified Actuary with a background in either Life or Pensions, Ideally you will have strong Excel and Modelling skills and/or scheme valuations skills, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82536/599836822"	"08/12/2018 09:09:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdG"
"Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"My client, a market leading insurer, are looking for an excellent graduate or part-qualified analyst to join their Pricing team. This role will be varied with a big emphasis on collaborative work and the opportunity to take on responsibility from an early stage. My client is looking for confident, well-rounded and outgoing individuals looking to join a hard-working and fun environment. Candidates with exposure to the insurance industry would be welcomed, as well as candidates who have commercial acumen as well as an understanding of the importance that technical skills can add to the role. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85196/598778502"	"06/12/2018 09:15:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwdL"
"Actuarial Executives: Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Executives: Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy has a number of exciting opportunities for part-qualified or qualified GI actuaries with some reserving experience to support a number of workstreams, including reserving, capital validation and risk, finance transformation, IFRS17, Part VIIs and transactions. Ideally, the successful candidate will have some experience of independent reserve reviews under different accounting bases for Property and Casualty classes of business with experience of the London and Bermuda market. An effective communicator, you will possess the ability to deal with outward-facing clients on projects.  An excellent career opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82620/598778965"	"06/12/2018 11:11:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxFE"
"Reserving Actuary (Non-Life)"	"£500p/d. to £1000p/d"	"London"	"Contract"	"Reserving Actuary (Non-Life)"	"London - £500p/d. to £1000p/d"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Oliver James associates are working on several Reserving contract opportunities with multiple non-life insurers based in Central London.OJA are currently looking for contractors at varying levels, from several years of experience up to FIA qualified, highly experienced reserving actuaries.Day rates on offer will range from £500p.d. to £1000p.d. depending on seniority and level of experience. The durations of contracts range between 3-6 months (initially)The start dates will be ASAP, but some can accommodate a January 2019 start. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Executive"	NA	NA	"£500p/d. to £1000p/d"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82828/598778594"	"06/12/2018 11:33:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxPL"
"Non-life Actuarial Contractors - Pet Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Actuarial Contractors - Pet Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Leading specialist insurer has a number of exciting opportunities for qualified non-life actuaries with personal lines experience to join their pet insurance team. The successful candidates should be technically-astute and be able to hit the ground running. Specific knowledge of pet insurance would be a distinct advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_86403/601386986"	"09/12/2018 09:10:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRP7"
"Life Actuarial Consulting in the City"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Actuarial Consulting in the City"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We have multiple roles available within a growing London-based consulting team for candidates with strengths in reporting and/or modelling. Working with a wide variety of clients within a close-knit team, these roles afford excellent growth opportunities together with study support for those looking to qualify. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82586/598778314"	"06/12/2018 09:12:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwbk"
"Capital modelling Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital modelling Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Leading General Insurer is looking for a number of capital modellers to join them now for 6-9 months, to help with their model redevelopment. Experience in igloo, remetrica or tyche is beneficial and this will suit someone who enjoys the technical aspect of capital modelling. For more information get in touch "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_85155/598778926"	"07/12/2018 16:01:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Tm"
"Accounting Reserving Actuary Contract - 6 months"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Accounting Reserving Actuary Contract - 6 months"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A chance to work for 6 months at a well-known Insurance firm based in the City of London. The contract is for the busy period they will be experiencing from January 2019.  Duties:  Liaise with Finance and Actuaries collecting data to complete trust fund reporting which is then reviewed by senior management. Complete first draft of trust funds and solvency 2 tech provisions Work on US trusts funds, collecting data and reporting with excel View to streamline processes and improve spreadsheets Experience with provisions ad economic balance sheet Improve processes in trust fund figures with excel   Key competencies:  Excel Design and building spreadsheets Understanding provisions of Solvency 2 You will have expert experience with Excel and a driven personality to gather different information from different members of teams.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Arthur Financial"	"Arthur Financial"	"JS7286_85298/598778494"	"07/12/2018 15:29:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Mi"
"GI Contract Reserving Actuary"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"GI Contract Reserving Actuary"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"GI Contract Reserving/S2/TP/Balance Sheets/Reporting/US trust funds £650/day 6months Get in touch for more info Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85296/599836761"	"08/12/2018 09:09:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdT"
"Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Manager"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Pricing Manager sought on a permanent basis for a large 100 General Insurer that underwrites a variety of Personal and Commercial Line products. You will be responsible for the Pricing/Optimisation Team and ensuring the premium is properly adjusted in order to meet the needs of the business.Some of the key responsibilities for the Actuarial Pricing Manager include:Managing a team of circa 10 members of staff.Providing input on price optimisation processes to help drive profit and development.Tracking the impacts of alterations made to the premium on demand and conversion rates.Communicating results and ideas to key stakeholders across the company.Essential experience:General Insurance Pricing experienceStrong leadership experienceExcellent stakeholder management experienceDesirable experience:Experience of Customer/Street/Optimisation PricingKnowledge of or experience using Emblem or RadarQualified or Part-Qualified Actuary (or equivalent)Benefits:Highly competitive basic salary28 days holiday20-25% Bonus10% PensionRemote Working/Work From HomeFlex TimeFor further information, please apply below with your CV Sellick Partnership is a market-leading professional services recruitment specialist operating across the UK. Over the years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers and our expert team of consultants boast up-to-date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. Sellick Partnership is proud to be an equal opportunities employer. Please note our advertisements use years' experience and salary levels purely as a guide. We are happy to consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary to fulfil the role. For information on how your personal details may be used by Sellick Partnership, please review our data processing notice which can be found in the footer on our website.  "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Sellick Partnership Limited"	"Sellick Partnership Limited"	"JS7286_85328/599836791"	"08/12/2018 07:06:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCQJ"
"Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Gloucester, Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Analyst"	"Gloucester, Gloucestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst sought to join a top UK General Insurer. Our client is looking for an ambitious professional to join their Pricing department. The Actuarial Pricing Analyst will look to add value to a highly proficient Pricing team and develop alongside them.Key Responsibilities:Look to amend and improve the price optimisation framework.Developing rating models with high veracity and integrity.Contribute to the implementation and maintenance of rating structures and rates for a number of products.Monitoring the impacts of external changes that may affect premiums and developing strategies to respond to them.Desirable experience:Experience of pricing within General Insurance.Actuarial expertise, either through experience or qualifications.Pricing software experience eg Emblem, Radar or SAS.Experience liaising with stakeholders.Benefits:Study Support (if required)15% Bonus10% PensionFlex Time25 Days HolidayFor further information, please apply below with your CV Sellick Partnership is a market-leading professional services recruitment specialist operating across the UK. Over the years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers and our expert team of consultants boast up-to-date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. Sellick Partnership is proud to be an equal opportunities employer. Please note our advertisements use years' experience and salary levels purely as a guide. We are happy to consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary to fulfil the role. For information on how your personal details may be used by Sellick Partnership, please review our data processing notice which can be found in the footer on our website.  "	"Gloucester, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Sellick Partnership Limited"	"Sellick Partnership Limited"	"JS7286_85329/599174196"	"07/12/2018 15:20:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jw"
"Senior Pricing Manager - Life Reinsurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Pricing Manager - Life Reinsurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial are currently representing a brand new opportunity for a qualified life actuary with knowledge of the reinsurance market to price new and existing insurance business to push profit and growth whilst minimising risk.In this exciting career-development opportunity, you will ensure the pricing process is efficient and robust by recommending and delivering developments to the process as necessary.You will also develop new distribution and new products by providing pricing expertise and any additional actuarial support as required.In addition, you will build and manage relationships with reinsurers, working across all business areas across the Protection business in order to negotiate and implement reinsurance treaties for new and existing business.A detailed understanding of actuarial techniques for pricing long term insurance products is essential, whilst detailed understanding of the Protection business, including underwriting and claims, would be ideal.Prophet & SAS experience would be beneficial."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5040/593978711"	"03/12/2018 15:15:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQZI"
"Non-life Leader"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Leader"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is currently working with a leading consultancy in the search for a qualified non-life actuary with strong project and people management skills to lead client engagement teams, working as part of a multi-disciplinary team.Providing a high-quality advisory service to clients, you will build and maintain strong relationships with both new and existing clients.In addition, you will contribute to high quality thought leadership whilst contributing to the development of new products and services.With strong technical and communication skills, the successful candidate will have the ability to develop productive relationships that bring in business."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4572/593978620"	"03/12/2018 15:10:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQWS"
"Capital Modelling in the Capital"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modelling in the Capital"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial are currently representing this fantastic opportunity on behalf of a leading London Market firm for a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary to support model development, alongside the optimisation, scenario testing, checking and analysing of model outputs. In this key role, you will support the delivery of Solvency II/Lloyd's requirements, for example: SCR submission to Lloyd's (underwriting risk, reserve risk, market risk, credit risk etc..); validation; governance; documentation and other reporting. In addition, you will carry out wider analyses or investigations as they may arise, for example stress and scenario testing, ORSA etc. With insurance-related work experience, ideally in capital modelling or a mixed actuarial role, the successful candidate will possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Igloo experience an advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Paul Cook, Associate Director M:  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85055/599836870"	"08/12/2018 07:02:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCNQ"
"Underwriting Expert"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Expert"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is working with a growing insurance business looking to hire a technical underwriting analyst into their close-knit team.With at least 2 years' experience in a similarly technical role and with prior experience of supporting underwriting processes, you will liaise with teams across the business with a holistic view.Experience of personal lines insurance is an advantage, as is a strong handle of insurance modelling, and software including SQL, Python and R.Contact us now to hear more about this fantastic opportunity, offering excellent scope for learning and development."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5146/593978772"	"07/12/2018 15:59:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Rl"
"Insurance-focused Data Engineer, Star Exclusive"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Insurance-focused Data Engineer, Star Exclusive"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is working with a highly unique London-based insurance business looking to hire an experienced data engineer. This hands-on role within a small and tight-knit team will provide leadership on data strategy across the business.  You will have the ability to develop and implement data analytics structures and capabilities from scratch. With a culture of continuous refinement and improvement, you will work across a variety of individual areas, each with its own characteristics and drivers. Excellent future growth potential exists, with a view to recruiting a number of data scientists to support data analytics tasks utilising the framework you create. Experience within a similar context is a must, particularly with any knowledge of machine learning techniques and other cutting edge tools that can be creatively deployed to create additive and actionable business insights. A natural collaborator and an individual with a hands-on approach would suit the team well. This is a role for a candidate invested in the long-term, and someone who would want to share and participate in the growing success of this business. Contact us now for more insight into this incredible opportunity. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82833/599836900"	"08/12/2018 09:09:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdD"
"Life Insurance Consultancy Opportunities"	"GBP"	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire"	"Permanent"	"Life Insurance Consultancy Opportunities"	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading actuarial consultancy, is seeking part-qualified or qualified life actuaries with strategic business acumen and expert knowledge of risks facing the life insurance industry to support a variety of diverse assignments.The successful candidates will likely gain exposure to a number of workstreams, including risk and capital management, Solvency II, investment strategy and ALM, reinsurance & risk transfer, alongside pricing & product development.With a good grounding in actuarial techniques and strong IT skills, the successful candidates will have a good level knowledge of requirements of Solvency II and high familiarity with the relevant parts of the PRA handbook.These are excellent opportunities to develop your career within a market-leader."	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4795/593978655"	"07/12/2018 15:58:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6RP"
"Life Insurance Consultancy Opportunities"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Insurance Consultancy Opportunities"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading actuarial consultancy, is seeking part-qualified or qualified life actuaries with strategic business acumen and expert knowledge of risks facing the life insurance industry to support a variety of diverse assignments. The successful candidates will likely gain exposure to a number of workstreams, including risk and capital management, Solvency II, investment strategy and ALM, reinsurance & risk transfer, alongside pricing & product development. With a good grounding in actuarial techniques and strong IT skills, the successful candidates will have a good level knowledge of requirements of Solvency II and high familiarity with the relevant parts of the PRA handbook. These are excellent opportunities to develop your career within a market-leader. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Sarah O'Brien Senior Consultant M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83916/598778385"	"07/12/2018 16:01:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TQ"
"Pricing Analytics"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Analytics"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"*Are there any ACTUARIAL EXAM STOPPERS out there, who want to pursue a more data-driven role?* PRICING ANALYTICS ROLE JUST BEEN RELEASED AT LEADING SYNDICATEWe are looking for a problem-solver to get hands on with data and modelling work to solve business problems through a highly analytical approach. This is for those who don't want to pursue the actuarial qualification any more, who want to veer away from the regulatory/compliance work and get hands on with data. Strong SQL knowledge is a MUST. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83892/598778542"	"06/12/2018 11:18:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxKI"
"Life Insurance Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Insurance Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy is seeking a qualified life actuary to support a wide range of client projects, including financial reporting, being the main day-to-day point of contact and keeping abreast of changes in UK regulatory framework and potential impact. Acting as a role model within the practice, you will identify and implement improvements to processes and procedures used for recurring client projects. With demonstrable knowledge of Solvency II regulations and reporting alongside project management and organisational skills, the successful candidate will ideally possess with-profits management and product development experience. Experience of risk management, such as ORSAs, stress and scenario testing, would also be an advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Clare Roberts, Associate Director M:  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85280/599836936"	"08/12/2018 09:10:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdk"
"Non-life Pricing Contractor"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Contractor"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified non-life actuarial contractor to support the launch of several IFRS17-related projects with respect to pricing platform development and portfolio profitability matrices.  We are particularly interesting in qualified candidates with either a property or casualty pricing background and detailed experience of London Market lines. Reinsurance experience would be a distinct advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jan Sparks FIA, Partner M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85253/598778293"	"07/12/2018 16:01:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TO"
"Longevity Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Major international reinsurer is seeking a qualified actuary with detailed experience of the pensions industry to take the lead on generating and transacting profitable new longevity business opportunities, overseeing the development of the longevity proposition. Developing and maintaining strong relationship with new and existing clients, you will deliver wider Longevity objectives including the effective management of inforce treaties. With very strong analytical skills and the ability to apply judgement, the successful candidate will possess excellent interpersonal and negotiation skills, alongside an excellent grasp of key financial and longevity drivers for a UK life insurance company and UK pension schemes. Experience working in Life, Health and Disability related fields, alongside life reinsurance, desirable. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jan Sparks FIA, Partner M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82742/598778601"	"07/12/2018 15:28:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MR"
"Validate Your Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Validate Your Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified GI actuary with excellent interpersonal and problem-solving skills? Are you a creative thinker with a passion for model validation and capital model design? Do you have the desire to develop your career within a leading specialty insurer? Then this is the role for you.Joining our client's Risk and Compliance team, you will create an overarching independent model validation framework for the IM, ORSA and SF that is supported by a coherent set of processes.You will also produce independent model validation plans using a risk-based approach to decide on the level and depth of coverage. In addition, you will have the opportunity to contribute to the company's IMAP application through ensuring innovative and robust model validation and model change processes are well Embedded within the company.The successful candidate will possess strong technical experience of capital model design, creation, parameterisation and documentation, alongside experience of SII and ORSA modelling, SII standard formula and IMAP.An excellent opportunity to develop your career within a market-leader."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5352/598336187"	"07/12/2018 15:27:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Lk"
"Build on your career with fantastic opportunity to join a Big 4 consul"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Build on your career with fantastic opportunity to join a Big 4 consul"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are looking for a Qualified Actuary to join as Senior Manager in a Big Four consultancy  The opportunity: Highly technical work in client-facing role  Lead business development, building up rapport with clients Provide actuarial support to the junior members of the team Join the team during an exciting period of change with new upcoming projects The individual: Qualified Actuary with GI background Strong communication skills Experience in a client facing role is essential  To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV or contact Daisy Hector at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82531/598778893"	"07/12/2018 15:21:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6J8"
"Capital Reporting Manager - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Reporting Manager - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified life actuary with a passion for capital reporting? Do you have a good understanding of asset modelling and investment markets? Would you relish the opportunity to make a difference within a major insurer? Then this is the role for you. In this key position, you will lead our client's Solvency II capital reporting team, providing the delivery and commentary of the Solvency II and economic capital requirements including SII operating variances, interest rate exposure, inflation exposure and FX exposure and overall capital position of the firm. You will also present and disseminate Solvency II reporting results, incorporating specialist supporting analysis and commentary for reporting metrics. In addition, you will provide strategic direction for the team's capital reporting systems, processes and methodologies and take responsibility for reviewing process flows and wastage. Annuities experience would be an advantage. An excellent opportunity to develop your career within a market-leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82548/598778801"	"06/12/2018 11:34:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxPc"
"Capital Manager - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Manager - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified life actuary (or CFA/accountant) to use existing and innovative techniques to optimise capital and/or reduce balance sheet volatility, as well as develop and support the capital management framework. Working with a range of external stakeholders (eg Investment Banks and Consultants) and internal stakeholders (eg PPMG, Group Actuarial, the Chief Actuary and the Finance, Legal and Risk teams), you will provide business solutions for a range of activities. With proven experience of transactions, preferably those that involve capital management, the successful candidate will have experience of using subject matter expertise to interpret complex recommendations and recommend solutions for business stakeholders. Strong relationship management, influencing and negotiation skills also essential, whilst some experience of reinsurance would be beneficial. An exciting opportunity to develop your career whilst becoming part of a brand with a global reputation and an exciting vision. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85267/598778258"	"06/12/2018 09:19:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwgc"
"Head of Risk Pricing - Life"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Risk Pricing - Life"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a qualified life actuary with strong interpersonal skills to develop and deliver experience investigations, assumptions setting and methodology to enable the retail protection business to meet its business goals. In this newly-created role, you will demonstrate your creative analytical thinking by using market insight, internal MI and views gathered from experts in multiple disciplines in Retail Protection to develop an in-depth understanding of Lour client's performance in the UK Protection market. You will also provide thought leadership on, develop and deliver advanced analytical techniques into existing demographic and financial experience investigations and pricing processes. In addition, you will play a key role in the assessment of risk management processes to ensure that they are continually refined and improved. The successful candidate will have the ability to interpret the results of experience investigations, and be able to develop and refine the pricing and reporting assumptions (including calibrations for the internal model). An excellent career-development opportunity. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82582/598778315"	"06/12/2018 09:15:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwdm"
"GI Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"GI Pricing Analyst"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified non-life actuary to join their team as a pricing analyst where you will play a key role in helping to develop new pricing approaches for the Commercial Lines business.You'll help develop and exploit new data sources, undertake pricing reviews and embed new portfolio monitoring capabilities.In addition, you'll play a lead role in identifying emerging trends, testing pricing strategies and improving the way our client works, taking responsibility for providing training and direction to analysts within the team.Proven professional experience using data analysis tools including Excel/VBA & SAS (Enterprise Guide and/or Base) is required.Experience of pricing tools such as Emblem and Radar Base is an advantage.Contact us now for more information."	"United Kingdom"	"Consulting"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5147/593978775"	"05/12/2018 16:58:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpYq"
"Non-life Pricing Contractor"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Contractor"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified non-life actuarial contractor to support the launch of several IFRS17-related projects with respect to pricing platform development and portfolio profitability matrices. We are particularly interesting in qualified candidates with either a property or casualty pricing background and detailed experience of London Market lines.Reinsurance experience would be a distinct advantage."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5204/593978827"	"03/12/2018 18:12:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSlX"
"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	""	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified non-life actuary to provide analytical support and insight to inform and influence business decisions and pricing strategy.In this diverse role, you'll be responsible for delivering benefits using a range of analytical techniques such as price optimisation for renewals.You will also deliver innovative projects to improve capability as well as tactical changes to manage business performance for both new business and renewals.Knowledge of SAS, EMBlem and/or optimisation software is an advantage."	"Leeds, UK"	"Finance, Consulting"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5056/593978719"	"03/12/2018 16:29:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRW5"
"Life Insurance Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Insurance Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy is seeking a qualified life actuary to support a wide range of client projects, including financial reporting, being the main day-to-day point of contact and keeping abreast of changes in UK regulatory framework and potential impact.Acting as a role model within the practice, you will identify and implement improvements to processes and procedures used for recurring client projects.With demonstrable knowledge of Solvency II regulations and reporting alongside project management and organisational skills, the successful candidate will ideally possess with-profits management and product development experience.Experience of risk management, such as ORSAs, stress and scenario testing, would also be an advantage."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5066/593978723"	"03/12/2018 14:19:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0k"
"Senior Technical Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	""	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Senior Technical Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to undertake analyses and support projects that improve the understanding of claims and fees cost drivers across Lines of Business, thereby informing appropriate changes to quoted prices and account profitability assessments.In this key role, you will contribute to the development of appropriate management information systems for pricing.You will also contribute to the specification, development and testing cycles for deployment of rates whilst considering the impact on customers of pricing actions, acting to avoid any unfair treatment.In addition, you will provide technical underwriting and pricing guidance to assist the business in achieving its plans and in support of operational areas.With a detailed understanding of appropriate statistical techniques for insurance risk analysis and demand pricing, the successful candidate will possess familiarity with personal lines products and financial processes.Experience in the use of statistics tools like R, SAS, Emblem or similar also required. Experience in the use of Python desirable."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4769/593978651"	"03/12/2018 14:14:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwr"
"Head of Reserving"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Reserving"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"This client is searching for a senior Actuary for nine months to cover their Head of Reserving. This candidate should have a strong reserving background and be comfortable defending the reserves to Non Actuaries both internally and externally. Strong communication skills are vital. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83965/599836882"	"08/12/2018 09:09:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdC"
"Capital & Reserving Senior Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital & Reserving Senior Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified non-life actuary to assist in the development, maintenance, calibration and embedding of risk-adjusted financial models, and provision of a second line of defence on all P&C risk activities. In this varied and interesting role, you will gain exposure to Internal Model work across personal and commercial lines, take the lead on second line review work from an insurance risk perspective, and provide opinion on reserve recommendations. You will also support Senior Managers in the preparation and presentation of results of Capital and Reserving exercises to senior stakeholders. You will likely be a part-qualified actuary with experience across insurance risk, capital or reserving. Working knowledge of Remetrica or ResQ would be advantageous, though is not essential. As well as your technical experience, you will demonstrate strong stakeholder management, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a proven ability to work accurately under pressure. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83976/598778845"	"06/12/2018 11:26:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOD"
"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Major general insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to support various elements of insurance pricing, conducting complex pricing analyses, for example, root cause, predictiveness and performance testing. Extracting, checking, cleaning and analysing data for use in the pricing models, you will report outcomes of the analyses to enable continuous improvement of data and models. You will also refine and operate models and reporting results to enable the team to make business decisions whilst developing rating logic to ensure effective pricing outcomes. In addition, you will carry out quality control processes and checks on pricing models and data to ensure they deliver the outputs required. With strong analytical and problem-solving skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of pricing general insurance products. SQL, EMBLEM or RADAR skills also required. An exciting career-development opportunity.  "	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82591/598778332"	"06/12/2018 09:19:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwgV"
"Head of Reserving"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Reserving"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This client is searching for a senior Actuary for nine months to cover their Head of Reserving. This candidate should have a strong reserving background and be comfortable defending the reserves to Non Actuaries both internally and externally. Strong communication skills are vital. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83965/594974300"	"03/12/2018 16:36:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRcK"
"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major general insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to support various elements of insurance pricing, conducting complex pricing analyses, for example, root cause, predictiveness and performance testing.Extracting, checking, cleaning and analysing data for use in the pricing models, you will report outcomes of the analyses to enable continuous improvement of data and models.You will also refine and operate models and reporting results to enable the team to make business decisions whilst developing rating logic to ensure effective pricing outcomes.In addition, you will carry out quality control processes and checks on pricing models and data to ensure they deliver the outputs required.With strong analytical and problem-solving skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of pricing general insurance products.SQL, EMBLEM or RADAR skills also required.An exciting career-development opportunity."	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4918/593978680"	"03/12/2018 15:16:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQaY"
"Non-Life Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Non-Life Pricing Analyst"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"An ideal role for an actuarial student looking for a long-term move into a pricing-focused role on their path to Fellowship.You will receive valuable mentorship from more senior actuaries in the team, whilst being offered excellent exposure to the growing business.Any experience within personal lines will be useful, whilst a good grasp of SQL and Excel is a must. Experience with Emblem and Radar will be helpful too."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5248/593978883"	"03/12/2018 15:13:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQYg"
"Life Consultant - London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Consultant - London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy has an unrivalled opportunity for a part-qualified life actuary to apply their skills in projects reaching beyond traditional actuarial boundaries.Providing support for a wide variety of assignments, you will be exposed to workstreams as diverse as: Solvency II, Finance Transformation, Mergers & Acquisitions, Capital Management, Reserving, Actuarial modelling, Embedded value, Audit and IFRS. In this client-facing role, you will also a ctively contribute to a wide range of client projects of a technical actuarial nature whilst also contributing to practice management.Good knowledge of the life industry alongside the ability to apply your knowledge in practical and commercial situations is essential. An exciting opportunity to develop your career by providing support for cutting edge actuarial work in a strategic, consulting and transactional context."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4727/593978647"	"03/12/2018 14:14:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwp"
"London Market Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A Lloyd's market insurance company is seeking a part-qualified actuary to join their pricing team.  Working on areas such as individual case pricing, portfolio analysis, model development, optimisation and model parameterisation; this is a role that will provide excellent exposure to the underwriting section of this business. You will have opportunities to engage with the capital team and assist with reserving as needed.  You will be making good progress with the actuarial exams, have non-life experience and be interested in pricing. Your non-life experience could come from the London market, personal/smaller commercial lines, consultancy, broking etc. Pricing experience across any business lines would be useful, but those who can learn new concepts quickly from reserving or capital are encouraged to apply.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Arthur Financial"	"Arthur Financial"	"JS7286_84997/598778765"	"06/12/2018 11:27:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOQ"
"Head of Methodology and Assumptions"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Methodology and Assumptions"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"This is an excellent opportunity for a Qualified Actuary to join as a brand new Head of Methodology and Assumptions. You will be a key contact in the communication between the Risk and Finance teams, This team will be responsible for reviewing data from the Risk team and proposing and implementing changes to financial assumptions, You will also play an important role in any new transformation or transactions work, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a Life Insurance background, Methodology & assumptions setting experience would be highly advantageous Any market or credit risk experience would also be useful, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82529/598778717"	"07/12/2018 13:17:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5b3"
"Lead Analyst - Pricing (Life)"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Analyst - Pricing (Life)"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified or qualified life actuary with knowledge of capital management and investments to support the pricing of the Group's current product portfolio and also to assist in the development of new products. In this key role, you will provide support in developing, calibrating and documenting assumption methodologies and parameters, including minimum pricing parameters. In addition, you will assist with maintaining up-to-date pricing frameworks for all products, and reviewing the pricing approach for new products and assessing relevant risk exposures to the group. With pricing & products understanding, the successful candidate will possess strong analytical and modelling skills. Skills in Mo.NET, Moses and Access/SQL experience advantageous. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85033/598778521"	"06/12/2018 11:24:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNU"
"Capital Modeller - London Market"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modeller - London Market"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading provider of London Market solutions seeks a part-qualified non-life actuary to develop and maintain the syndicate's ReMetrica Capital model and the related IT infrastructure. Supporting the Internal Model structure including individual risk models and aggregation models, you will assist in developing the model, output review and preparation of management information. You will also ssist in the regular parameterisation and validation of the model, collecting data whilst updating for input data and assumptions, modelling and reporting. In addition, you will engage the business in promoting the use of the capital modelling throughout the company including assisting in running scenarios to optimise business planning and future reinsurance purchase. A general understanding of capital modelling is required whilse experience of model building and capital modelling techniques is advantageous. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82858/598778589"	"06/12/2018 11:09:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxDz"
"Lead Analyst - Pricing (Life)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Analyst - Pricing (Life)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified or qualified life actuary with knowledge of capital management and investments to support the pricing of the Group's current product portfolio and also to assist in the development of new products.In this key role, you will provide support in developing, calibrating and documenting assumption methodologies and parameters, including minimum pricing parameters.In addition, you will assist with maintaining up-to-date pricing frameworks for all products, and reviewing the pricing approach for new products and assessing relevant risk exposures to the group.With pricing & products understanding, the successful candidate will possess strong analytical and modelling skills.Skills in Mo.net, Moses and Access/SQL experience advantageous."	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5266/593978895"	"05/12/2018 17:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpbE"
"Head of Reserving - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Reserving - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading London Market managing agency has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary with extensive Lloyd's reserving experience to manage the reserving workstream of the actuarial function and oversee future development under Solvency II.With detailed knowledge of Solvency II regulations and developments alongside excellent interpersonal and people management skills, the successful candidate will possess advanced knowledge of VBA, ResQ and SQL, alongside MS packages."	"London, UK"	"Finance, Office and Admin"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5312/593978944"	"03/12/2018 14:20:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP1q"
"Consulting Opportunity for Qualified Actuaries"	"GBP"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Consulting Opportunity for Qualified Actuaries"	"Reigate, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Big Four consultancy to hire a Qualified Actuary to join their team as a Senior Manager.  The opportunity: Manage a team of consultants, providing assistance when necessary Liaise with the actuarial, claims and underwriting teams Sharing knowledge and experience and contributing to the development of the team  Manage and develop external client relationships though direct business development activity and internal people/resource management The individual: Qualified Actuary with at least 2 years post-qualified experience Experience in General Insurance Strong communicator and able to manage relationships Able to lead a team (at least 3 previous direct reports) To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV or contact Hannah Turner at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85352/599836807"	"08/12/2018 09:19:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDe5"
"Senior Capital Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Capital Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A reputable Lloyd's syndicate is searching for a part qualified senior actuarial analyst to join their Capital Modelling team.Responsibilities of this role include analysing, developing and maintaining the syndicate's Capital Models, as well as management information, keeping the models in line with SII requirements. The candidate must be a proactive individual, able to develop reports. They must have excellent communication skills, often liaising with Senior Management and Stakeholders.The candidate must be a graduate in a numerate discipline and preferably a part-qualified actuary, with basic VBA skills. At least 2-3 years' experience is required within the Capital Modelling industry. The candidate must have experience in using Igloo.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_84989/598778577"	"06/12/2018 11:24:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNQ"
"GI Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"GI Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading specialist insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a part-qualified GI actuary with a good understanding of retail price optimization and customer lifetime value calculations to be responsible for developing and delivering cutting-edge risk selection and pricing capability across the business. In this key role, you will assist the business in loss ratio, renewal retention and customer mix objectives whilst monitoring portfolio performance and recommending solutions to achieve business objectives. Experienced in risk models such as GLMs via software such as Emblem or R, the successful candidate will also possess data manipulation skills using SQL/R/WPS/SAS.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85130/598778299"	"06/12/2018 09:16:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwdu"
"Specialist Motor Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Specialist Motor Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a specialist General Insurer to source a Part Qualified Actuary or Pricing Analyst to join the Motor Pricing team across Retail and Commercial lines.  The opportunity: Use new actuarial and data science techniques to improve pricing models Liaise with other departments to ensure pricing meets its aims Role has come around due to team growth The individual: Part Qualified Actuary Strong knowledge of Emblem Prior experience in pricing is necessary  Fairbank Partners acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82528/598778284"	"06/12/2018 09:15:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwdc"
"Capital Analyst - IGLOO"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Analyst - IGLOO"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Capital Analyst (Igloo) A leading Lloyd's of London Syndicate are seeking an actuarial analyst to join their market leading Capital team. The focus of the successful candidate will be to assist with the maintenance and development of the internal model as well as running high speed simulations. A number of duties include: - Parameterisation of the internal model. - Work closely alongside all areas of the business. - Interpreting results and producing reports to the key members of the business. - Developing and running the internal model to meet both business needs and external requirements. - Preparation and submission of Lloyd's capital return and with the PRA and Lloyd's for the Economic Capital Assessment. - Group level model runs. - Assisting the internal model validation team. - Maintain documentation.From you they are looking for: - 1-3+ Years of experience in capital modelling (IGLOO). - Igloo coding experience. - Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. - Aptitude for coding and a keen eye for detail. - Ability to simplify key information and present it to stakeholders. - A good team player as well as self starter. - Programming language would be useful. - Solvency ii and Lloyd's experience. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83901/599836894"	"08/12/2018 09:08:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDci"
"Mixed Lloyd's Pricing & Reserving"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Mixed Lloyd's Pricing & Reserving"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We have an exciting mandate to recruit a nearly/newly qualified actuary into a leading Lloyd's insurer.The focus on the role will be across Pricing, Reserving and Insurance Risk with the opportunity to interact with a broad range of stakeholders from day one.The business are looking for candidates with large commercial risk experience, both in-house and consulting candidates to be considered.We have an exciting mandate to recruit a nearly/newly qualified actuary into a leading Lloyd's insurer.The focus on the role will be across Pricing, Reserving and Insurance Risk with the opportunity to interact with a broad range of stakeholders from day one.The business are looking for candidates with large commercial risk experience, both in-house and consulting candidates to be considered.For more specific details on this high-profile position please contact Ross on or email  "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82555/598778798"	"07/12/2018 16:01:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6To"
"Sales in Risk"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Sales in Risk"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Seeking an experienced, business savvy consultant/sales person with IFRS17 experience and actuarial knowledge (you do not need to have taken the exams) to take on a sales role in risk consulting. Please get in touch for more details. Please note that this role does not support the actuarial exams. Joanne O'Connor, Operations Director M:  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82594/598778969"	"07/12/2018 15:28:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MM"
"Model Validation - London Market"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Model Validation - London Market"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading general insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join the Capital team. The opportunity: Join a growing team within the business Model validation work- acting as the point of contact to the independent validators Projects within capital modelling also  Highly business facing Excellent opportunity for personal growth The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary Experience in model validation "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85094/598778930"	"06/12/2018 11:26:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOF"
"Casualty Insurance Analyst (Pricing)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Casualty Insurance Analyst (Pricing)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Leading global provider of reinsurance solutions has a fantastic opportunity for a part-qualified GI actuary to help to develop the casualty pricing tools and price individual deals to enable the organization to make informed commercial decisions. Working very closely with underwriters and the Senior Casualty Insurance Analyst, you will perform the necessary qualitative, numerical and actuarial analysis on Casualty and Specialty deals, leading to underwriting recommendations.  You will also continuously improve the selection and pricing of risks through the development of new pricing models and the refinement of existing tools. In addition, you will collaborate with the underwriting team to assess the profitability and risk profile of new business and the impact on the overall portfolio.  With experience in pricing a wide range of casualty insurance lines including general casualty and professional liability lines, the successful candidate will also possess strong communication and interpersonal skills. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85056/598778757"	"06/12/2018 11:25:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNW"
"Reserving Analyst - International Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst - International Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Commercial Lines Insurer to recruit a Part-Qualified Actuary to join their Reserving team. The opportunity:  Provide support to on-going reserving and finance related projects Support communication of reserve review results to senior management Assist with the production of reports and quarterly reserving meetings Improve reserving and SII modelling processes through the development of automated tools International insurer - opportunity to potentially move to other offices The individual: Reasonable exam progress (all CT's completed) Good knowledge of GI Reserving Preferred experience in ResQ Knowledge of regulations (SII, IFRS) "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85109/598778678"	"06/12/2018 11:24:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNO"
"Pricing - Opportunity to Manage"	"GBP"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Pricing - Opportunity to Manage"	"Reigate, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Personal Lines insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join as Pricing Manager. The opportunity: Deliver accurate statistical modelling of Personal lines products using GLM analysis Manage a team of direct reports Research and implement improvements to the claims modelling process The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary with previous experience in management  Good IT skills Excellent communication skills Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82512/598778978"	"06/12/2018 11:11:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxFc"
"Pricing Manager"	""	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Manager"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Personal Lines insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join as Pricing Manager.  The opportunity: Deliver accurate statistical modelling of Personal lines products using GLM analysis Manage a team of direct reports Research and implement improvements to the claims modelling process Manage a growing team The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary with previous experience in management  Good IT skills Pricing background Excellent communication skills "	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82725/598778360"	"06/12/2018 11:11:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxFY"
"Modelling Guru - Location upon Application - Star Exclusive"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Modelling Guru - Location upon Application - Star Exclusive"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a leading organisation who are looking to hire an actuary to lead on modelling projects.  A creative thinker of financial solutions, you will have significant experience within a life insurance environment with excellent communication, interpersonal and people management skills. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83980/598778941"	"06/12/2018 11:07:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxCb"
"Big 4 Assistant Manager"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Big 4 Assistant Manager"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading consultancy to source a Part Qualified Actuary to join as Assistant Manager.  The opportunity:  Provide technical input to a number of projects Support senior management when required Take part in reserving, capital and pricing projects Draft reports and presentations Meet a variety of clients across the London Market The individual: Part Qualified Actuary with strong exam progress (all CT's passed) At least 3 years' experience in General Insurance Good communication skills Excellent stakeholder management skills"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85023/598778302"	"06/12/2018 09:17:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwer"
"GI Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"GI Pricing Manager"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with a high level of pricing experience to develop and deliver the new business customer pricing strategy through ownership of the end-to-end pricing process. With excellent communication and negotiating skills, the successful candidate will possess excellent knowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques eg Access, SAS, Microsoft Excel (including Visual Basic) and Generalised Linear Modelling. Earnix and/or Radar experience a plus. Flexible working arrangements are available for this role. "	"Leeds, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85086/598778300"	"06/12/2018 09:16:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlweA"
"FIA Pricing Manager"	""	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"FIA Pricing Manager"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading Personal Lines insurer to source a Qualified Actuary to join their pricing team at Manager grade. The opportunity: Coach and mentor direct reports Utilise GLM analysis to deliver accurate statistical modelling of personal lines products Communicate results of the statistical modelling to senior management Rapidly growing company, exciting time of growth  The individual: Qualified Actuary with previous experience in Pricing Experience in management (formal or informal) is an advantage Good verbal communication skills Strong knowledge of pricing software Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82882/598778270"	"06/12/2018 09:12:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwbg"
"Work for a Global Insurer on their IFRS17 - Risk Managerial Role"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Work for a Global Insurer on their IFRS17 - Risk Managerial Role"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a Global insurer in their search for a senior qualified actuary to join their team working on IFRS17 in the Risk sector. In this role you will be responsible for driving the implementation of the actuarial aspects of IFRS17 on behalf of the Insurer's Chief Actuary. The Opportunity: Be given autonomy to make decisions for the business in regards to IFRS17. Work on a new accounting standard that is the cutting edge of actuarial analysis. Establish yourself and be known as the go-to expert in the new accounting standard. Work closely with stakeholders and senior managers and established clients. Advance your skills and challenge your capabilities in the actuarial field. Ideal Candidate: Significant Post-Qualified Experience A background in Risk Previous stakeholder and managerial experience Proven track record of success  Fairbank Partners have access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85243/598778260"	"06/12/2018 09:07:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwY1"
"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has an exciting vacancy for a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with experience in P&C pricing to build best practice statistical models to predict claim costs and expenses.In this key role, you will create technical pricing tools used to monitor risk mix and expected loss ratios whilst designing and improving geographic and vehicle classification factors.With a detailed understanding of appropriate statistical techniques for multivariate modelling and geographical classification, the successful candidate will also possess advanced level knowledge of pricing software.Knowledge of tools such as SAS, R, Python is desirable.Contact us now for more information regarding this excellent career-development opportunity."	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5294/593978923"	"05/12/2018 18:35:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlqLU"
"Interim Manual Calculations Contract"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Interim Manual Calculations Contract"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading Life Insurer in Bristol to assist with finding a Part Qualified Rectifications Actuary.  Role: To perform high quality analysis and deliver solutions to the business and our customers, in line with the objectives of the Actuarial Calculations department. Work to be performed in adherence with the insurers governance, risk and TCF framework  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Grace Pereira at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82530/598778470"	"07/12/2018 16:01:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Ti"
"Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Manager"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A successful Leeds based insurer are looking to hire a Pricing Manager into their growing Actuarial Team. The successful candidate will play a key role in guiding the pricing strategy for the business, identifying opportunities to develop pricing capability across a wide range of products and managing a team of Analysts.This is an excellent opportunity for both an existing manager seeking a new challenge or for an experienced Analyst looking to progress. The salary and package for this position is highly competitive and will be discussed on application.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"Leeds, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85052/598778661"	"07/12/2018 15:28:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MB"
"Head of Longevity"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Longevity"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, has a fantastic opportunity for a creative-thinking, qualified life actuary to take up this leadership position where you will manage the production of all aspects of longevity risk assumptions for the purposes of pricing, financial accounting, reinsurance, product design and risk-based capital.  In this key and highly visible role, you will assess the uncertainty associated with proposed mortaliy assumptions for use in Solvency II/EC calibrations and earnings volatility measurement, developing and managing models to produce assumptions and ensure regulatory compliance. You will also develop and execute plans and controls to improve the management of longevity risk, using the most advanced longevity science expertise and market practice for risk management. With excellent interpersonal and communication skills, you will be able to work collaboratively within a team setting and be able to work flexibly within a dynamic environment. An excellent opportunity to develop your career and contribute to the highly-regarded reputation of a key firm within the market. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85262/598778642"	"07/12/2018 09:17:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2wa"
"London Market Pricing - Competitive Salary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing - Competitive Salary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading London Market insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Pricing team. The opportunity: Provide coaching to the junior members when required Develop benchmark premiums Calibration of rating factors based on data captured Join a leading insurer in the market  The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary with excellent exam progress Good communication skills Experience in London Market pricing Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82526/598778625"	"06/12/2018 11:26:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOE"
"Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A leading London market insurer, which is part of a global insurance company, is seeking a qualified actuary to lead a considerable part of their reserving function.  Providing leadership and motivation to a team of analysts, this role will be responsible for reserving output for a selection of large commercial lines. A key part of the role is liaising with senior management, including underwriters and being an active member of the reserve committee.  Reporting into the head of reserving, you will have the autonomy to structure your team and ensure ongoing development. This will include training and that the most up to date processes are being followed.  Ideally you will be a qualified actuary and have significant reserving experience.Lloyd's market experience is advantageous but not essential, but wanting people leadership as part of your role is a must.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Arthur Financial"	"Arthur Financial"	"JS7286_84996/598778682"	"06/12/2018 11:18:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxJs"
"Surrey Based Qualified Reporting Manager"	"GBP"	"Dorking, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Surrey Based Qualified Reporting Manager"	"Dorking, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a specialist Life Insurer who are looking for a Qualified Actuary join and take on a key role in running the Reporting team. You will be leading on the production of SII reports, Take on the responsibility of responding to the PRA, face off to senior management in committee meetings and present board papers, This role sits in a small finance function and you will be responsible for the reporting process from start to finish, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a strong background in Life Insurance Reporting, Excellent communication skills, Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Dorking, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82799/598778446"	"06/12/2018 09:14:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwcr"
"Financial Reporting Manager - Bulk Annuities Market"	""	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Financial Reporting Manager - Bulk Annuities Market"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading Life Insurer with their search for a Nearly/Newly or Qualified Actuary to join them as an Annuities Reporting Manager. The role provides the following opportunity: The role provides a significant opportunity to work on Actuarial projects including; process improvement, IFRS 17, implementation of robotics, involvement with new products, and deal structures There is the opportunity to manage student actuaries, although the role can be stand-alone if preferred. Opportunity to see the whole reporting cycle, from initial data feeds to number production. Opportunity to work on multiple metrics, including Solvency II and IFRS. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82785/598778310"	"06/12/2018 09:13:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwcA"
"Senior Capital Analyst - London Market"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Capital Analyst - London Market"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	" Senior Capital Analyst - London Market Up to £60,000 + Bonus + Benefits A leading London Market entity is looking to hire a part/nearly qualified actuary to join their analytics function. This will focus on a range of duties supporting the internal capital model. The ideal candidate will part/nearly qualified and be making demonstrable progress through the actuarial exams. Previous Capital Modelling experience is essential to the role with a preference towards Remetrica/Igloo/Tyche platforms. To apply please submit your CV to this advert or contact Curtis Browning at Eames Consulting -/ Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85330/599836769"	"08/12/2018 09:09:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDdI"
"Interim SII Reporting Contract"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Interim SII Reporting Contract"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading Life Insurer in the Midlands to assist with finding a Qualified Reporting Actuary.  The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with strong SII skills.  The role will be production, validation and analysis of Group-wide Solvency II and Economic Capital (ECap) results, including: o Solvency/ECap requirements; o Profit and loss attribution analysis; o Business planning projections; o 'What-if' scenario testing; o Group Risk Appetite testing; o Reverse stress testing; and o Other ad-hoc investigations.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Grace Pereira at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Midlands, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82518/598778319"	"07/12/2018 16:01:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Th"
"Interim Capital Reporting Contract"	"GBP"	"West Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Interim Capital Reporting Contract"	"West Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading Life Insurer in the Midlands to assist with finding a Qualified Capital Reporting Actuary.  The contract is for 12 months.  Role: Group ORSA Work on the 2019 G-Sii Report (Global Systemically Important Insurer) Skills: Ideal would be ORSA or stress and scenario testing experience from the risk function of a Life insurer.   To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Grace Pereira at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"West Midlands, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82525/598778336"	"07/12/2018 15:29:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Md"
"Head of Pricing"	"GBP"	"South West"	"Permanent"	"Head of Pricing"	"South West - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A rapidly developing insurance firm with considerable growth prospects is looking to achieve their ambitious strategy through the hire of an actuary with technical pricing expertise to lead the further development of their in-house team. This is a hands-on and commercial role working alongside the business leadership. Personal lines experience and a deep understanding of the insurance market is a must, together with excellent technical actuarial and modelling abilities. Contact us now to learn more about this exciting role offering lucrative long term prospects. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"South West, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82844/598778694"	"07/12/2018 13:15:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5aY"
"Reserving Analyst - London Market"	"£50,000"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst - London Market"	"London - £50,000"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Reserving Analyst - London Market Up to £50,000 + Bonus + Benefits A top-tier Lloyd's Syndicate is looking to hire a part/nearly qualified actuary to focus on reserving, business planning an SII Technical Provisions. You will report directly into the Group Head of Reserving. Previous reserving experience is essential to the role although this does not need to be London Market. The ideal candidate will part-qualified and be making demonstrable progress through the actuarial exams "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£50,000"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85340/599554008"	"07/12/2018 09:15:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2vK"
"Capital Modelling Analyst - London Market"	"Up to £50,000 GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modelling Analyst - London Market"	"London - Up to £50,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Capital Modelling Analyst - London Market Up to £50,000 + Bonus + Benefits A leading London Market entity is looking to hire a part-qualified actuary to join their analytics function. This will focus on a range of duties supporting the internal capital model. The ideal candidate will part/nearly qualified and be making demonstrable progress through the actuarial exams. Previous Capital Modelling experience is essential to the role with a preference towards Remetrica/Igloo/Tyche platforms. Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"Up to £50,000 GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85342/599554006"	"07/12/2018 09:15:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2vD"
"Interim - Protection Reinsurance - Scotland"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Contract"	"Interim - Protection Reinsurance - Scotland"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in Scotland in the search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Reinsurance team.  You will be joining a team responsible for analysing these treaties and making recommendations for their future treatment. This will require collation and validation of data, modelling of the financial dynamics of the treaties and the drafting of proposals to be taken through governance committees You will be a Qualified Actuary with experience working within Protection Reinsurance. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82507/598778901"	"06/12/2018 11:24:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxND"
"Senior Reserving Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Reserving Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading P&C insurer in their search for a part-qualified Reserving Actuary to join their London office. The role will report to the Senior Reserving Actuary, working across a breadth of syndicate and company classes of business on quarterly reserving, as well as Solvency II Technical Provisions and business planning. Key Responsibilities: Quarterly Reserve Reviews Interaction with major internal stakeholders across the business Financial reporting (US GAAP, IFRS, SII) Support process development of the internal Reserving tool Key requirements: Part-qualified Actuary with 2-4 years' experience in general insurance reserving Ongoing progress through the actuarial exams (study support offered) Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82801/598778954"	"06/12/2018 11:24:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxM6"
"Head of Capital"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Capital"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a client with exciting growth plans for its Capital and Actuarial teams, to bring them to the forefront of modern techniques and processes. We are recruiting for a Head of Capital, offering a fabulous development opportunity for a creative thinker seeking to take the next step on their career-ladder, taking charge of a team during a period of expansion, change and modernisation. As part of this key role, you will oversee the transition arising from the recent migration to Tyche from Igloo, giving you a blank slate with which to work. The successful candidate will have excellent interpersonal skills as you will be in regular communication and contact with key people within and outside of the business. Experience of SII and ORSA modelling and SII standard formula also essential.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82832/598778593"	"06/12/2018 11:20:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxK7"
"Interim - Credit Model Spreadsheet Development - Midlands"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Credit Model Spreadsheet Development - Midlands"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in the Midlands in the search for an Actuarial Contractor to join them on an assignment. You will be responsible for developing Credit Rating Models in Excel. Credit knowledge would be beneficial, not essential. Spreadsheet development experience is a must.    "	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85112/598778753"	"06/12/2018 11:15:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxIV"
"Nearly/Newly Qualified? Join a Big 4 consultancy"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Nearly/Newly Qualified? Join a Big 4 consultancy"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting one of the Big 4 with their search for a Senior Consultants in their Life Actuarial sector. The Opportunity: Join a large Global company that offers you abundant chances for career progression To take responsibility for the management of key projects on behalf of clients Have the chance to work with project heads to lead teams and engagements Grow your network with the key stakeholders in the life insurance market Mentor and shape junior team members Ideal Candidate:  Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary Experience in your chosen area (capital management, ALM, Reporting, Modelling) Previous experience of project management and track record of success Senior and stakeholder management Experience of working for a consultancy is a plus but not a requirement Fairbank Partners have access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85312/598778255"	"06/12/2018 09:20:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwhL"
"Risk Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Risk Pricing Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 life insurer with their search for a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing team. The purpose of this role is to support the end to end delivery of assumption setting process. Further responsibilities include: Deliver robust pricing and reporting assumptions in line with stakeholders' expectations. Support the improvement of reinsurance arrangements by providing experience data for reinsurance tenders. Assist in the development of the product range by carrying out experience investigation and adhoc analyses. Present and communicate changes to the wider team and stakeholders The ideal candidate will be a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary. Prior experience within pricing is required. Knowledge of Protection products is advantageous. Fairbank Partners acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82477/598778409"	"06/12/2018 09:19:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwhA"
"Interim - Capital Aggregation Project - London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Capital Aggregation Project - London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in London in the search for an Actuarial Contractor to join their Capital team on a 6 month assignment. You will be joining a Capital Aggregation project.  You must have experience in either of the following areas: Proxy Modelling Capital Modelling Model Validation Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85115/598778425"	"06/12/2018 09:16:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwd1"
"Capital Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"My client is looking for a part-qualified analyst keen to work within the capital team of a leading Lloyd's insurer. The ideal candidate will be making good progress with actuarial exams, ambitious to qualify. You will have experience working in GI and those from a reserving/pricing background, or a consultancy background will be considered.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85066/599836956"	"08/12/2018 09:08:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDcr"
"Head of Modelling"	"GBP"	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Head of Modelling"	"Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	" A leading life insurer is seeking to hire a Head of Modelling to take responsibility for the integrity of all of their models utilised by their actuarial team. This includes analytical models in different forms and different languages and all the processes surrounding the operation of the models. The role carries significant people management responsibilities, and a key requirement of the role is the ability to motivate, inspire and develop staff. You will also act as deputy to the Chief Actuary in respect of all modelling elements. Flexible working arrangements can be considered. Please contact Bradley Grant on or email for more information "	"Hampshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82883/598778946"	"07/12/2018 15:22:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Kc"
"Big 4 Senior Manager - Variation of Projects"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Big 4 Senior Manager - Variation of Projects"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working to recruit Qualified Actuaries to join as Senior Managers in the Big Four consultancies.  The opportunity: Provide high quality advisory service to clients Lead client engagement teams Win new business through marketing, building upon relationships Provide actuarial support to the junior members of the team The individual: Qualified Actuary with GI background Strong communication skills Experience in a client facing role is essential  To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV or contact Hannah Turner at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82515/598778898"	"07/12/2018 13:32:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5hH"
"Strategic Pricing Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Strategic Pricing Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A strategic and commercial role working with key stakeholders across a global business, this highly visible position is an exciting opportunity for a pricing actuary with excellent technical and interpersonal abilities to step into a business critical role. Working across a range of existing and developing products, you will assist in providing solutions across all aspects of pricing including reinsurance, retail, risk, incentive programmes, underwriting and more. In this project-style role, your technical actuarial expertise and thought leadership will provide key inputs into the product development process, as well as guiding model use and improvements. Contact us now to learn more about this senior opportunity. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85182/598778826"	"07/12/2018 13:17:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5cB"
"Head of Modelling"	"GBP"	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Head of Modelling"	"Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	" A leading life insurer is seeking to hire a Head of Modelling to take responsibility for the integrity of all of their models utilised by their actuarial team. This includes analytical models in different forms and different languages and all the processes surrounding the operation of the models. The role carries significant people management responsibilities, and a key requirement of the role is the ability to motivate, inspire and develop staff. You will also act as deputy to the Chief Actuary in respect of all modelling elements. Flexible working arrangements can be considered.  "	"Hampshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82883/592939154"	"03/12/2018 17:20:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAc"
"Prophet Development Contractor - Life"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Prophet Development Contractor - Life"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a talented contractor with strong Prophet model development experience to design and build Prophet model solutions to meet customer requirements, testing and validating the impacts of the model change and documenting the change. Actuarial qualification desired but not compulsory, although a strong background in life and pensions and a deep understanding of the wider reporting process is essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  Antony Buxton FIA, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85042/598778517"	"07/12/2018 15:20:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jt"
"Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Manager"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Excellent opportunity to join a high-profile as Reserving Manager leading a team. This is a genuine leadership role within the business reporting directly to the Head of Reserving.The business view their Actuarial team in extremely high regard and they see the reserving analysis as being crucial to the view of profitability. Excellent opportunity to join a high-profile as Reserving Manager leading a team. This is a genuine leadership role within the business reporting directly to the Head of Reserving.The business view their Actuarial team in extremely high regard and they see the reserving analysis as being crucial to the view of profitability. Please get in touch with Ross Anderson on for a discussion. "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_84991/598778348"	"07/12/2018 13:33:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5hv"
"Longevity Risk Senior Consultant"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Risk Senior Consultant"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A leading global risk management consultancy who are at the forefront of driving cutting edge industry innovations across the life insurance sector are seeking to hire a qualified actuary to become their Longevity Risk - Senior Consultant, based in London. In this role as a Longevity Risk Senior Consultant you will play a leading role in consulting with prospective clients and on pitches. You will become an expert in the services/products offered. Typical solutions are wide ranging and cover areas such as:Leading (or participating) in the quantitative aspects of client consulting projects in which you will assess excess mortality and longevity risk;Cash flow modellingStructuring support for swaps and securitisations (including exposure to asset managers, banks, reinsurerOptimising reinsurance structuresDriving changes in underwriting practicesIdeally you will be a qualified actuary with a strong client manner/communication style. Prior consulting experience isn't necessary although you will be able to demonstrate an excellent client manner in networking. Expertise in longevity/mortality is not a pre-requisite although any exposure would be useful (but not essential). You will be meeting with CROs, Chief Actuaries and Head of Pricing/Research at life insurers in this position. Projects will range from assessing the risk in an insurer's portfolio to supporting capital market transactions. You will be a qualified actuary with modelling experience from either life insurance or pensions."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82639/598778885"	"06/12/2018 11:12:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxGK"
"Strategy Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Strategy Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"The client is looking for someone with a commercial, business mindset to join their strategy team. The successful candidate will have a good insight to the Life Insurance industry and a desire to move away from the technical aspects of actuarial work and into a front line role.  Using analysis and assessment of key performance indicators you will work with a team of MI Analysts to review metrics across sales, new business, customer insight and finance. From these investigations you will then work with the Executive team to review strategy and make recommendations to move the business forward. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82808/598778309"	"06/12/2018 09:13:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwcC"
"Project Based Work - Pricing/Reserving/Capital/Brexit"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Project Based Work - Pricing/Reserving/Capital/Brexit"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working on behalf of a Consultancy to hire Newly Qualified Actuaries to join as Managers. The opportunity: Lead a team of consultants, providing support and assistance when required Provide technical input to a number of projects Engage with a variety of clients, from personal lines to London Market IFRS17 and Brexit projects Win new business through marketing and sales activities The individual: Newly Qualified Actuary with experience in General Insurance Strong coaching skills to develop the more junior members of the team Advanced Excel skills Able to produce deliverables to a high standard To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Hannah Turner at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85110/599836952"	"08/12/2018 07:03:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCNg"
"Take a step into the future with London Market Machine learning opport"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Take a step into the future with London Market Machine learning opport"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a London Market general insurer in their search for a data science/pricing analyst to sit in their Technical Pricing team. The opportunity: Heavily focused towards Data Science to enhance pricing and other functions in the business Apply machine learning and statistical techniques to draw insights on insurance products (retail and commercial) Full actuarial study support The ideal candidate: Skilled in R/Python Excellent academic background Pricing experience To discuss this role, or to explore your career options, please submit your CV or contact Daisy Hector in confidence on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83930/598778305"	"07/12/2018 16:01:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Tl"
"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Leading London Market firm has a unique opportunity for a talented data specialist with excellent analytical and computer skills to provide support for broker and client data and reporting requirements. In this key role, you will continually assess the ideal report creation strategy and manage the reporting suite for distribution. You will also use system data, reporting and visualization tools to proactively identify opportunities and trends, bridging the gap between actuarial findings and distribution strategy in relation to brokers. With a passion for finding streamlined and less complex solutions to data gathering, analysis and reporting, the successful candidate will possessexperience of Microsoft Power BI. Experience of Seismic a plus. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83915/598778386"	"07/12/2018 13:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5i2"
"Excellent opportunity for a Capital analyst to join growing run-off ac"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Excellent opportunity for a Capital analyst to join growing run-off ac"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a fast-growing run-off acquirer in their search for a Solvency II Capital Analyst. The opportunity: Wide variety of complex work: calculating the Solvency II balance sheets and producing reports to the UK and Irish regulators - the role will evolve and develop as the team continues to grow Highly business-facing role: interaction with actuarial, risk, M&A, and finance Excellent exposure to senior-stakeholders: Report into a Senior Actuary and Head of Department who then reports directly into the Chief Actuary Basic salary: c.£45,000 dependent on experience The ideal candidate: Actuarial student Experience of Solvency II Standard Formula ReMetrica abilities preferred but not essential A degree in Mathematics, Statistics or Actuarial Science with excellent academic background To discuss this role, or to explore your career options, please submit your CV or contact Daisy Hector in confidence on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85224/598778746"	"07/12/2018 13:31:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gz"
"Manager- Big 4 Consultancy - Project based role, opportunity to work a"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Manager- Big 4 Consultancy - Project based role, opportunity to work a"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a market-leading Big Four Consultancy with their search for Qualified Actuaries at the Manger level. The opportunity: Join a market-leading consultancy to work on a range of projects - areas such as IFRS17, Capital Management, M&A, Change and Modelling Senior stakeholder engagement and client relationship maintenance Potential to work overseas due to the company's global presence Strong salary package, including car allowance Great opportunities for career progression Flexible working on offer Ideal candidate: Newly Qualified up to Senior Qualified Actuary Previous experience working within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy Experience within at least 1 core service area Strong communication skills. Ambitious and reliable  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Rebecca Miles at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82810/598778545"	"07/12/2018 13:31:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gy"
"Interim RAFM Developer"	"GBP"	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire"	"Permanent"	"Interim RAFM Developer"	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading Life Insurer in the Midlands to assist with finding a Rafm Developer .  We are looking for a RAFM Developer to support the transformation programme. The successful candidate will have experience in model development (RAFM or MoSes) and be able to communicate and explain modelling concepts to a non-technical audience Experience  Experience of developing RAFM or MoSes models  Experience of testing own work  Qualified Actuary (or close to qualified)  Life Assurance background  Supported projects or transformation programmes before  Happy to work with ambiguity and agile working  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Grace Pereira at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82535/598778622"	"07/12/2018 13:31:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5ga"
"Reinsurance Pricing Analyst X 2 - London Market"	"£45,000 "	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Pricing Analyst X 2 - London Market"	"London - £45,000 "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Reinsurance Pricing Analyst X 2 - London Market Up to £45,000 + Bonus + Benefits A leading Lloyd's Syndicate is looking to hire 2 part-qualified actuaries to join them and focus on pricing for their reinsurance business. This will report into the Head of Pricing and will work on Property, Casualty and Specialty lines of business. The ideal candidate will be part-qualified and making demonstrable progress throughout the actuarial exams. Pricing experience would be a big advantage with a slight preference towards reinsurance and/or Lloyd's business. You will have heavy exposure to Underwriters and other actuarial functions, therefore good communication skills are essential.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"£45,000 "	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85341/599554016"	"07/12/2018 09:13:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2sI"
"Reserving Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"A reputable insurance company are looking for a Reserving Analyst to join their Europe reserving function, working across all classes of Europe legal entity business, including Casualty, Property, Financial Lines, Accident & Heath, Tech Risks, Political Risks, Marine and Personal Lines.Although this role is primarily Reserving, there are regular opportunities to work with actuarial colleagues within Pricing, Planning and Capital Modelling teams. The responsibilities of this role includes supporting the ongoing testing, analysis and development of reserving models and preparing reports of claims reserving, SII, financial planning and management reporting. The candidate will ensure all reports are aligning with SII provisions. The candidate must support the quarterly reviews of premium, loss and expense reserves (for the purpose UD GAAP), as well as the bi-annual loss ratio planning processes.The candidate must liaise often with members of different teams, members of Senior Management and stakeholders, and so the candidate must have excellent interpersonal skills.The ideal candidate will be a graduate of a mathematical or science-based degree (or equivalent), working towards obtaining fellowship from the Institute of Actuaries (or equivalent professional actuarial body). The candidate must have at least 2 years Non-life insurance experience, ideally in retail or commercial reserving context. Knowledge of reserving models such as ResQ are desired.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82875/598778585"	"06/12/2018 11:26:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxN6"
"Syndicate Capital Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Syndicate Capital Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading general insurer, is looking for a part-qualified Capital Analyst to join their central London office. The role will sit within Capital and Risk, with exposure to a wide range of workstreams. Our client is looking for a technically excellent analyst who is eager to continue their career in a diverse syndicate capital role. Key Responsibilities: Model maintenance, runs and updates (Igloo) Support the team on all matters relating to internal model validation and necessary regulatory reporting Key Requirements: General insurance experience Capital background preferred  Ongoing progress through the Actuarial exams Excellent verbal and written communication skills"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82519/598778897"	"06/12/2018 11:24:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxNJ"
"Senior Risk Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"My client is looking for a Senior Risk Analyst to join a dynamic team within the London market. The role will be focused around model validation, technical reviews and evaluation of pricing models. This role requires someone technically strong and that has a strong work ethic. The ideal candidate will have GI experience of risk management, ideally within the Lloyd's market. Candidates with an actuarial background are preferred and those with the ability to communicate articulate matters well, will have a clear advantage. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85048/598778761"	"06/12/2018 11:23:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxMm"
"Head of Longevity Business Development - Lead on Winning New Business"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Longevity Business Development - Lead on Winning New Business"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leading Reinsurer and manage all new business development activities for the Longevity team. You will be responsible for maintaining current client relationships and lead on wining new business, Work closely with the wider Longevity team to tailor solutions to attract new clients, Take the lead on deal execution, Resolve and issues with existing clients, Along with other senior Longevity Actuary you will play a key role is setting the companies Longevity strategy, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life or Pensions, Proven track record of Marketing and/or business development within Industry or Consulting, A background in Reinsurance would be advantageous, Good understanding of the Longevity and Annuity market, "	"London, UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82878/598778857"	"06/12/2018 11:22:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxL9"
"Consultancy Opportunity- Reserving/Capital/Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Consultancy Opportunity- Reserving/Capital/Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working on behalf of a leading Big Four consultancy to hire Newly Qualified Actuaries to join at Manager grade. This role offers the opportunity to engage with clients on a regular basis, be in a role that is front-facing and also offer flexibility in working arrangements.  The opportunity: Lead a team of consultants, providing support and assistance when required Provide technical input to a number of projects Manage and develop external client relationships Win new business through marketing and sales activities The individual: Newly Qualified Actuary with experience in General Insurance Strong coaching skills to develop the more junior members of the team Advanced Excel skills Able to produce deliverables to a high standard Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82807/598778697"	"06/12/2018 11:21:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxLg"
"Data Science/Pricing - Based in Central London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Science/Pricing - Based in Central London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Central London insurer to source a Part Qualified with a keen interest in Data Science to join the Technical pricing team. The opportunity: Excellent chance to join a specialist niche insurer Work across various lines of business, including commercial Learn and use machine learning/data science techniques to enhance pricing Use R and Python Actuarial study support can be offered for those who want it The individual: Junior analyst with pricing experience Experience in R and Python is an advantage  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83939/598778686"	"06/12/2018 11:09:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxDi"
"IFRS 17 Moses Development Contract - London"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"IFRS 17 Moses Development Contract - London"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading Life Insurer based in London to find a 6 month contractor to join their IFRS 17 team. They are willing to wait for a 2 month Notice Period for the right candidate.  Role The role will require An understanding of MoSes cashflows An ability to pick up FIS CSM library calculations An understanding of IFRS17 CSM details Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85114/598778506"	"06/12/2018 09:15:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwdS"
"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading London Market firm has a unique opportunity for a talented data specialist with excellent analytical and computer skills to provide support for broker and client data and reporting requirements.In this key role, you will continually assess the ideal report creation strategy and manage the reporting suite for distribution.You will also use system data, reporting and visualization tools to proactively identify opportunities and trends, bridging the gap between actuarial findings and distribution strategy in relation to brokers.With a passion for finding streamlined and less complex solutions to data gathering, analysis and reporting, the successful candidate will possessexperience of Microsoft Power BI. Experience of Seismic a plus."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5178/593978803"	"03/12/2018 14:16:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPyW"
"Part or Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuaries in Bristol"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Part or Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuaries in Bristol"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"If you are looking for a new role in the South West then this is an excellent opportunity for you to join a growing finance function of a FTSE 100 Life Insurer. The focus of the role will be on the production of IFRS and SII results and also a big drive on Process Improvement, Put forward you own ideas for process automisation, You will have lots of senior stakeholder management and will regularly be presenting results to senior manager, The ideal candidate will be a Part or Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary, A reporting or valuations would be advantageous but is not essential, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85349/599836801"	"08/12/2018 09:15:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDer"
"Portfolio Analyst"	"GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Portfolio Analyst"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"A Berkshire based insurer is currently seeking to hire a Portfolio Analyst into their Commercial Pricing Team. This role will involve the production of reports, reviewing product performance and recommending appropriate actions such as rate changes. This would be an idea role for a highly analytical individual from outside of general insurance to enter the industry, or indeed for an individual with previous experience looking for a new challenge. You'll play a key role in contributing to the performance of the commercial portfolios.The salary for this position is competitive depending on experience and there will be the potential to transition into an actuarial role in time. Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85063/599836867"	"08/12/2018 09:13:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDeK"
"Client Manager/Handler"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Client Manager/Handler"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Client Manager/Handler  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Client Manager to join our team in London. The Client Manager will be primarily responsible for: assisting in producing and/or providing quality checks in respect of documentation and transactional activities required to support the placement of business.  About Aon  Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role  Your impact as a Client Manager/Handler :  Preparation of final reinsurance or insurance documentation  Produce final reinsurance or insurance documentation to confirm coverage to clients.  Preparation of market submission  Collect and analyse relevant information and prepare market submissions and presentations for new business or renewals.  Promotion of products and services  Lead or take an active part in activities and initiatives aimed at promoting Aon's products and services in the marketplace (eg media events, trade conferences, client seminars).  Quality control of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Review and check reinsurance or insurance documentation to ensure that it satisfies client requirements and other standards (eg regulatory).  Credit Control Monitoring  To work with our Accounting Teams, and assist when required, to ensure premiums are collected from clients and settled to Reinsurers within the specified settlement due dates.  Respecting Aon policies   Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you  Your knowledge and expertise:  Understands the role of reinsurance in a clients' business strategy, effective translation of those needs, identifies appropriate partners, negotiation, statistical analysis and interpretation, legal parameters and content.  In depth understanding, consistently maintains a working knowledge of the client, manages expectations, introduction of new products. Stays abreast of market developments and the client potential impact, has a good knowledge of key competitors, awareness of industry practices and Aon's regulatory controls.  Works well under pressure, is prepared to make contentious or unpopular recommendations, encourages others to make informed decisions, adopts a systematic approach, prepares contingency plans, proactively addresses challenges, considers broad long term picture, communicates confidently with others.  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Customer Services"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2446930/580119989"	"08/12/2018 09:07:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDb3"
"Business Support Administrator"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Business Support Administrator"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description Business Support Administrator We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Business Support Administrator to join our team in London. The Business Support Administrator will be primarily responsible for supporting the Global Re Specialty team (70+people) with their day to day activities; delivering high quality support to the GRS team enabling them to deliver client value and business results.  About Aon   Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions   Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services. GRS Business Support key responsibilities will involve:  Key responsabilities:   Responsibility for organising meetings for both internal and external clients  Arranging cost effective travel through Aon systems  Managing team and individual expenses through the appropriate Aon systems  Ensure Travel and Expenses bookings are consistently managed and minimised  Pro-actively contribute to satisfaction of line manager and team supported  Responsible for providing a support function working from one inbox and working out a strategy as to how the work is divided up between the team to make sure that its completed in the quickest time possible ensuring its completed to a 1st class standard  Responsible for providing support and arranging meetings for the team for business trips and client visits  Providing a flexible service covering ad hoc duties such as organising team events  meeting and greeting visitors at all levels of seniority  organising travel and preparing complex travel itineraries including the arrangement of visa's  providing support the yearly reinsurance conferences including Monte Carlo, Baden Baden and PCI  Dealing with Clients first line queries and refer to appropriate team members, when necessary  Managing relationships with key stakeholders  Responsible for the on boarding of all joiners, movers, leavers, work experience, graduates and interns  Adhering to best practices business processes as directed by Operations leader  Responsible for making sure everyone is compliant and completing CVENT and CER forms when required  Responsible for monitoring LMS modules and making sure the team are all up to date and completing on time  Responsible for making sure everyone is competent and forms have been completed in timely manner  Arranging and facilitating the induction of any new recruits to the team  Adhering to the standards, procedures and best practices of Aon Limited to ensure FCA and other regulatory compliance  Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company About you  Your knowledge and expertise: About you  Educated to A Level standard or equivalent  Strong interpersonal skills  Proven track record of being extremely organised  Effective communication and presentation skills  Problem solving skills  Ability to work well as part of a team  Experience of working in a client facing environment  Advanced skills in Excel, Word, PowerPoint  Understanding of compliance and FCA regulation Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation. Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Office and Admin"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2453664/587725488"	"08/12/2018 09:07:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDbR"
"Claims Specialist"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Claims Specialist"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  We're hiring!  Claims Specialist  Aon are currently recruiting a Claims Specialist to join our team in London. The Claims Specialist will be primarily responsible for the claims servicing of both Direct and Reinsurance clients with the primary objective of obtaining agreement & settlement as efficiently as possible while maintaining a high level of client service.  About Aon Reinsurance Solutions  Aon Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services. Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  As a Claims Specialist some of your key responsibilities will involve:  Keep claims manager and producers/account managers informed of activities/changes/problems with client claims as appropriate  Initiate and develop a working relationship with the client.  Maintain positive relationship and excellent communication with client and co-workers  Actively manage client expectations  Organise, assist with and conduct client presentations and claim review meetings as needed  Cover for other team members during absences  Request status reports from carriers and apprise clients of updated status on their claims as needed  Assist clients in resolving insurance coverage problems and/or disputes.  Provide claim analysis as directed by the service team & agreed upon at account inception  Assist the account service team in developing loss information for marketing purposes including loss development information and claim statuses on open claims as requested.  Risk Management: Ensure processes, procedures and compliance policies are always adhered to.  About you  As a Claims Specialist your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Knowledge of Reinsurance claims handling would be advantageous  Knowledge of the London Market  Analytical and problem-solving skills.  Proven interpersonal skills with a track record dealing with domestic and international clients.  Good knowledge of Microsoft office including Word, Excel and PowerPoint.  Good ability to work under your own initiative and as part of a team.  Responsible for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2454618/599253753"	"07/12/2018 07:06:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Jb"
"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"48k Annual GBP"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - 48k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior Modelling AnalystCheltenhamUp to £48,000 A niche insurance company seeking a Senior Analyst with a Strong stats background for a Model development role in the Risk Pricing team. A hands on role where you'll build out and deploy statistical models to predict customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivity etc. THE COMPANY: A fast-paced, but informal environment with big growth plans. There have been recent improvements to data capability meaning the stage is set for end to end model development projects across the Risk and Pricing space. THE ROLE: Act as technical mentor to the rest of the team Oversee the quality of team model ouputsLead the development of statistical models for Risk and Pricing function using SAS, SQL, R, Python - predicting customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivityDrive the growth of the business through model and strategy developmentBe pro-active in the optimisation of existing modelsYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Educated to degree level (minimum) with a 2.1 or better in a numerate subjectExperience working in the insurance or actuarial space is preferred but not necessaryExperience using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Earnix, Radar (or similar) on a daily basisExperience developing models in the Risk or Pricing space is highly preferredTHE BENEFITS A leadership role within the teamDevelop statistical models using a variety of tools in a data rich environmentUp to £48,000 + benefitsUp to 2 days working from homeKEYWORDS: Pricing Analyst, Risk Analyst, Insurance, Actuary, Actuarial Analyst, Modelling, Logistic regression, Decision Science, Data Science, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Radar, Earnix "	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"48k Annual GBP"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709272/589412352"	"06/12/2018 07:04:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGm"
"Broker, Treaty Reinsurance"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Broker, Treaty Reinsurance"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Broker, Treaty Reinsurance  We're hiring!   Aon are currently recruiting a Broker, Treaty Reinsurance, to join our team in London. The Broker will be primarily responsible for provideing advice to clients and colleagues on placement design and identifying appropriate risk placement.  About Aon   Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role   Your impact as a Broker, Treaty Reinsurance:   Acts as the primary point of contact within the broking team for specific clients to provide specialist advice to the client and client team  Provides advice to clients and colleagues on placement design, available coverage and capacity, pricing, potential coverage enhancements and market progress within scope of responsibility  Identifies appropriate channels for risk placement based on clients' market security guidelines and other requirements  Negotiates terms and conditions of placement, and performs administrative support role where necessary  Works in partnership with client teams, across geographic regions with APAC and EMEA to ensure client/network needs and expectations are met. Seeks to enhance the sharing of knowledge and ideas within the broader team.  Responsible for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you   Your knowledge and expertise:   Client/Market Knowledge   Actively seeks out market intelligence to spot opportunities and follows up where appropriate  Able to carry out analysis of competitors in order to spot new opportunities  Building business acumen by looking at more macro issues surrounding clients/competitors  Seeks feedback from the market to adapt personal approach  Relationship Management   Is well known in the market and has an established reputation  Actively networks to build new relationships outside of initial circle and recognises the importance of this  Understands the importance of tailoring approach with different audiences  Strong interpersonal skills and confident in many different situations with clients and the market  Actively works on a small number of new business targets  Salary and Benefits   This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  Our Colleague Experience   Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2451574/591758554"	"03/12/2018 17:20:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAr"
"Junior Broker"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Junior Broker"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Broker Back Up  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Broker Back up Technician to join our team in London. The Broker Back up Technician will be primarily responsible for: assisting in producing and/or providing quality checks in respect of documentation and transactional activities required to support the placement of business.  About Aon  Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role  Your impact as a Broker Back Up  Preparation of final reinsurance or insurance documentation  Produce final reinsurance or insurance documentation to confirm coverage to clients.  Preparation of market submission  Collect and analyse relevant information and prepare market submissions and presentations for new business or renewals.  Promotion of products and services  Lead or take an active part in activities and initiatives aimed at promoting Aon's products and services in the marketplace (eg media events, trade conferences, client seminars).  Quality control of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Review and check reinsurance or insurance documentation to ensure that it satisfies client requirements and other standards (eg regulatory).  Credit Control Monitoring  To work with our Accounting Teams, and assist when required, to ensure premiums are collected from clients and settled to Reinsurers within the specified settlement due dates.  Respecting Aon policies   Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you  Your knowledge and expertise:  Excellent communications skills  Strong stakeholder management  Proven ability to work as a team player  Strong numerical and analytical skills  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2454553/591758570"	"03/12/2018 15:17:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbG"
"Facultative Specialty - Casualty Broker"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Facultative Specialty - Casualty Broker"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Facultative Casualty/Specialty Broker - London  We're hiring!  Aon Reinsurance Solutions are currently recruiting a Facultative Casualty/Specialty Broker to join our Japan team in London.  Aon Reinsurance Solutions As the industry leader in treaty, facultative and capital markets, Aon Reinsurance Solutions is redefining the role of the reinsurance intermediary and capital advisor. Through our unmatched talent and industry-leading proprietary tools and products, we help our clients to redefine success. Aon Reinsurance Solutions offers unbiased capital advice and customized access to more reinsurance and capital markets than anyone else. As a trusted advocate, we provide local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial, and rating agency advisory, and the right professionals to advise clients in making the optimal capital choice for their business. With an international network of more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base is able to access the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services. About the Role Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria. As a Broker some of your key responsibilities will involve:  Working with colleagues and Japanese clients on a variety of non-marine facultative casualty and specialty business.  Provide advice to clients and colleagues on placement design, available coverage and capacity, likely pricing, potential coverage enhancements and market progress.  Work on and provide support in developing and delivering market presentations and broking strategy.  Identifying appropriate channels for risk placement based on clients' market security guidelines and other requirements, exerting influence on the market in order to secure the best deals.  Negotiating terms and conditions of placement with the market  Providing specialist advice to clients and colleagues including involvement in product research and new product development.  Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you As a Broker your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Experience in placing business into casualty and specialty risk/(re)insurance markets  An ability to learn and displays a broad understanding of Aon, clients' and (re)insurers' products and can bring the best of Aon to clients  Strong communication skills - Communicates goals/strategy to clients and market  Invests time and resource in Research & Development to find new products/solutions to meet clients' needs  Inspires commitment and action in others (both internally and externally) through strong communication skills  Considers both the clients and the underwriter's perspective in order to adapt approach  Excellent attention to detail.  Data analysis abilities  Confident to work on own initiative as well as part of a team  Ability to work in an environment where deadlines must be adhered to  Good level of IT competency required.  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2453244/594659925"	"03/12/2018 15:15:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQZR"
"Catastrophe Risk Analyst - Underwriting & Capital Management"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Catastrophe Risk Analyst - Underwriting & Capital Management"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity for an individual with strong analytical, numerical/statistical or scientific background to join the Underwriting and Capital Management (UCM) line of business as an Analyst for catastrophic risk.  The Role  The candidate would be joining a team of experts spanning across the fields of insurance, data science and pricing, reserving and capital actuaries, the vision being to provide unrivalled analytical risk. This exciting opportunity comes with various technical challenges which are as diverse as the industries we deal in and involves both UK-based and international projects. Be responsible for the delivery of catastrophe modelling analysis by utilizing the RMS catastrophe risk model and by outsourcing/co-operating with Strategic Risk Consulting in WTW where required by peak work-loads The role would also include helping to prepare and present output data from the models to support actuarial analyses and underwriting portfolio management Advising UCM and where applicable risk capital on general natural hazard issues, in particular those relevant to earthquake, wind and flood Developing and applying innovative approaches for identifying natural hazard risks for regions where no standardized risk assessment tools or models exist  The Requirements Strong analytical, engineering-, science- and/or mathematical-based background with interest in the area of natural hazard risk (including earthquake, wind and flood) Experience in using RMS third party catastrophe models is essential and AIR or RQE valuable together with a good level of understanding of probabilistic and catastrophe modelling concepts. Experience in non-modelled risks would be advantageous Day to day tasks will include quality assessment of raw data, reviews of exposures to Natural Hazards as well as preparation of modelling input files, running of market recognized models and the review, interpretation and validation of the output in light of underlying modelling assumptions and their limitations Knowledge of databases such as SQL or MS Access, VBA, R, any GIS software such as Q-GIS or Arc GIS etc. would be an advantage Insurance market experience and understanding of policy structures for catastrophe risks would be an advantage as well as solid analytical skills, including the ability to find ways to use available data sources to answer questions and solve problems Highly motivated team player and able to thrive in a growing team environment Educated to degree level and/or with a relevant professional qualification - underwriting, claims adjusting or risk management Proactive rather than reactive Team player with good interpersonal and influencing skills Strong relationship management skills and the ability to establish trust and credibility Ability to work under pressure to tight timelines and without direct supervision Organised and methodical Excellent analytical problem-solving skills Commercial awareness - a commercial and pragmatic approach to holistic business management Fluent business English  The Company Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas - the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential.  Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer Willis Towers Watson believes that effectively managing a diverse workforce is vital to our business strategy. We have an obligation to our organization, ourselves and our clients to hire and develop the best people we can find. We will continually review our policies and practices to ensure that all areas of the employment process (including recruiting, hiring, work assignments, compensation, benefits, promotions, transfers, company-sponsored development programs and overall workplace experience) are free from discriminatory practices. We are committed to equal employment opportunities at Willis Towers Watson Unsolicited Contact:  Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Willis Towers Watson are considered property of Willis Towers Watson and are not subject to payment of agency fees. In order to be an authorized Recruitment Agency/Search Firm for Willis Towers Watson, any such agency must have an existing formal written agreement signed by an authorized Willis Towers Watson recruiter and an active working relationship with the organization. Resumes must be submitted according to our candidate submission process, which includes being actively engaged on the particular search. Likewise, for our authorized Recruitment Agencies/Search Firms, if the candidate submission process is not followed, no agency fees will be paid by Willis Towers Watson. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8361214/593977780"	"03/12/2018 15:12:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXm"
"Underwriting Manager"	"GBP"	"Hove, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Manager"	"Hove, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Company InfoWorking here is about being there for our customers; we're available should the worst happen and we work together to enable social and financial equality across the UK. But it's also about you -how you develop and what you can achieve. We'll help your talent thrive in an environment where you'll be supported to work flexibly and autonomously, sharing in our success and rewarded for a great performance with a generous benefits package. Department InfoAt Legal & General Insurance we look after our customers throughout life, death and everything in between so that you know that everything that's important to you is protected. With over 180 years' experience in providing Insurance policies, our customers trust us to be there and to do the right thing.We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age. Job DutiesWork closely with internal colleagues (Operations - One stop & accounts, Sales, Benefits & Claims) to ensure SLAs, new business, growth and profitability is maximised Manage and coach a team of Underwriters to provide work flow and administration support to the team always ensuring robust and reliable monitoring of performance is in place to demonstrate progress against target/objectives Through effective work allocation for new opportunities and existing business schemes provide a robust and structured vetting, costing, pricing and support process for all quotes Define, develop, deliver & continually improve the tools for allocating work and monitoring staff output to ensure quotes are delivered in line with L&Gs customer experience and TCF policies Work with Actuarial, Change and Operations to help implement any changes in systems, loadings or process that effect the pricing cycle of vetting, costing and underwriting As the lead for internal MI take responsibility for producing metrics of productivity, error rates, quote output and underwriter performance Manage, motivate and develop employees at all levels, in a manner that is consistent with the Company's policies and procedures including the Partnership Agreement, to maximize the performance of the area Skills RequiredAbility to work in a fast paced environment Embraces, owns and leads change Able to plan and organise theirs and others time and workflow Problem solving and decision making skills Takes pride in delivering expected outcomes Effective communication skills Able to understand and interpret a range of MI Ability to thrive in a team environment Enthusiastic, self-motivated individual who uses their own initiative BenefitsWhatever your role, we reward ability, performance and attitude with a package that looks after all the things that are important to you. Our employees have a wide range of benefits including a generous pension scheme, life assurance, 25 days' holiday (plus one day after two years), private medical insurance, performance related bonuses, a variety of share schemes, discounts at both a huge range of high street stores and our own great products, your hard work will be rewarded when you join us.Our view is that this role is suitable for agile working. This means we would consider a more flexible working arrangement, where your hours and work location are managed according to business, customer and personal needs. For this role, you would be based in Hove, but you could work in other Legal & General offices or at home, as necessary, provided this meets business needs. Details of agile working will be discussed during the interview process.For more details, please contact Helen Brockbank - Resourcing Lead -  "	"Hove, Sussex, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Legal & General"	"Legal & General"	"JSVN-11274/599804901"	"08/12/2018 07:02:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmCNS"
"AIG Life UK - Underwriter (Homebased)"	"GBP"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"AIG Life UK - Underwriter (Homebased)"	"Reigate, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Functional Area: UW - UnderwritingEstimated Travel Percentage (%): No TravelRelocation Provided: NoAIG Life LimitedAIG Life launched in July 2008 offering a range of award winning protection products including Real Life Cover and YourLife Plan, a menu based product with Life Cover, Critical illness Cover, Business Protection and Income Protection. AIG Life became part of the larger AIG global business in January 2015 and has continued to establish themselves as a key player in the UK individual protection market and now provide peace of mind to nearly 400,000 customers.Are you an underwriter with an appetite for providing excellent customer service and cost efficient risk assessment of complex medical conditions? If so, look no further for your next career challenge! Here at AIG, we pride ourselves on being innovative in our approach, customer focused and determined to make a positive difference to our policyholders by offering an efficient service that gives the cover they need when they need it most. Job Requirements:What we expect from you:You will have experience in Underwriting a range of products on a daily basis within an agreed level of authority and within service standards: Life Assurance Critical Illness Benefit TPD Income Protection Waiver of Premium Business Protection.You will communicate by telephone and in writing with clients, distributors and reassurers on a daily basis to obtain further information in relation to applications or pre-sales enquiries and explain underwriting requirements and decisions.You will contribute ideas for the continuous improvement of the underwriting and new business process within AIG Life to ensure that we remain innovative and forward thinking \" constantly challenging the status quo.You will work closely with other areas within AIG Life (for example Claims, Actuarial, Administration) to develop a thorough understanding of the business and contribute to best practice overall.You will demonstrate a can-do attitude and flexibility within the team.You will pro-actively manage your workload and prioritise tasks to ensure service standards are met.You will deliver consistently excellent customer service ensuring TCF principles are maintained.You will be a well-developed and effective communicator both verbally and in writing, exhibiting good questioning and listening skills.You will have an understanding of the numerical rating system, and ability to understand simple mathematical calculations.What you can expect from us:Excellent basic salary, with annual performance related bonus.9% non Contributory company pension matched by up to a further 4% if you contribute too.Up to 10 x salary Death in Service benefit and income protection.Private medical & health assessments.25 days holiday.Friendly, collaborative, and positive atmosphere.HomeworkingIt has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission \" creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives. "	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"AIG"	"AIG"	"JSJR1814480/593977631"	"07/12/2018 15:58:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6RN"
"Human Capital Project Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Human Capital Project Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Human Capital Project Manager (London, UK)  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Project Manager in Aon's Mergers & Acquisitions Transaction Solutions (\"AMATS\") practice in the UK.  The AMATS team is a combined practice of Insurance and Human Capital experts with a dedicated focus on transactional activity. The team provides human capital advisory services to both private equity and strategic, corporate buyers, on buy-side and sell-side opportunities, as well as portfolio value audits for financial buyers.  Your impact as Project Manager  The primary responsibility of the Project Manager role will be to support the team in the management of M&A human capital due diligence engagements, which provide project management and advisory services to Buyers and Sellers in the pre-acquisition and pre-sale environment. The project work will consist of human capital (strong focus on employee benefits) due diligence, planning for post-closing employee benefit and HR related programs, new entity cost structures, and reviewing applicable transaction documentation. Additional M&A human capital solutions and wider advisory services may also be provided to clients during the transaction and following the completion of a deal.  The role will involve the coordination of Aon resources across geographies and practices across Aon. Whilst the initial focus of the APM's role is supporting the delivery of human capital advisory services, the role will include access to clients.  Your key responsibilities will involve;  Production of International Employee Benefits due diligence reports for Aon Strategic Advisory & Transaction Solutions (ASATS)  Assembly and Management of project teams from all parts of Aon to complete pre and post due diligence engagements and related transaction consultancy  Gathering of due diligence source information from data rooms, target board/management level personnel and peer group deal advisors (lawyers, accountants etc.)  Assist in new business development and maintaining relationships with internal network/lines of business, clients and prospects  Support project management engagement and liaise with clients and other advisors.  Support the team in the provision of human capital with strong focus on employee benefits due diligence for clients including the review of HR information provided in the data room, interviews with management, collection and tracking of requested information, and production of diligence reports.  Help coordinate internal Aon resources across various practices and geographies.  Determine opportunities for cross-selling other Aon products, services and solutions.  Assist in the project management of Day 1 employee benefits and HR related requirements.  You bring knowledge and expertise  As a Project Manager your skills and qualifications will ideally include;  Ideally you will have human capital and/or employee benefits consulting experience.  Specific M&A transaction and/or project management experience is not a pre-requisite.  International Compensation and Benefits/HR experience/M&A experience  Actuarial or pension experience preferred but not required  Aptitude for articulating (both verbally and in writing) technical or complicated issues in a concise manner.  Proven organisational capabilities.  Ability to help manage multiple projects and multiple engagements simultaneously.  Flexible work schedule; M&A projects often involve tight timelines.  Outstanding communication skills both oral and written essential.  Analytical and report writing skills.  Capability to write reports and communicate effectively with clients and peers  Understanding of accounting statements (balance sheet, P&L) and insurance markets  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  About Aon  Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  We offer you  A competitive total rewards package, continuing education & training, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation. Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria. "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2440878/590809599"	"06/12/2018 07:12:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvNr"
"Pricing Manager - Household Customer Pricing and Implementation"	"GBP"	"Leeds, Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Manager - Household Customer Pricing and Implementation"	"Leeds, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"At Lloyds Banking Group, our Insurance business is one of the largest in the UK. We have a strong heritage, helping approximately six million customers every day with their diverse and critical needs including life insurance, pensions, investments and general insurance (home, car, travel). Our aim is to put customers at the heart of everything we do.This role offers a superb opportunity to become part of our Household Customer Pricing and Implementation team, working with multiple brands and channels in a highly dynamic and challenging environment. The core purpose of the Pricing Manager position is to develop and deliver the new business customer pricing strategy through ownership of the end to end pricing process, ensuring that our technical capabilities are continuously reviewed and refined and are at the forefront of market developmentsYou will need to demonstrate a detailed knowledge of statistical methodologies and pricing techniques, honed through significant experience of scoping, evaluating and delivering multiple pricing structures.There will be frequent contact with internal stakeholders from General Insurance and across the wider Insurance Division so, in addition to your knowledge of statistical and pricing techniques, you'll need to have strong communication skills.You'll lead a team of analysts, helping them to achieve their objectives and those of the LBG GI business. You'll share your technical expertise with the team and provide coaching in personal skills that will help with these colleagues' - and your own - development.You'll be responsible for managing the team's deliverables, ensuring timeliness, accuracy and quality, such as:*Ensuring new business pricing structures are built on sound business models, which adhere to model development and peer review standards *Proactively managing the ongoing statistical/actuarial analysis of the commercial performance of LBG GI Household new business pricing modelsYou'll need to maintain an in-depth level of technical knowledge of general insurance products, market, regulatory and professional developments and market trends. Your expert knowledge will help you to propose, evaluate and present future pricing strategies to senior management. After winning approval and buy-in, you'll then be responsible for driving them through to implementation while respecting and embedding good governance around pricing.To be successful in this position, you'll need to have a significant level of General Insurance Pricing experience and hold a FIA, FFA or ACII qualification, or be progressing towards another relevant professional qualification. You'll need an excellent knowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques eg Access, SAS, Microsoft Excel (including Visual Basic), Generalised Linear Modelling and high levels of attention to detail and accuracy demonstrated in a technical area. You'll have a knowledge and understanding of UK insurance regulations and be up to date on new developments.You'll be self-motivated to achieve personal goals and to motivate the team in the achievement of business objectives, creating a team culture of high performance and technical excellence. You'll have experience of coordinating and delivering work as part of a team and a flexible management style appropriate for professional colleagues.You'll have excellent communication and negotiating skills, with a particular emphasis on report writing, and be able to engage and persuade the business of the importance of the pricing perspective in key projects.In addition to managing the team's current performance and deliverables, you'll also need to be able to look beyond the horizon of existing projects to identify future opportunities and challenges, keeping in mind our aim of growing our business while keeping customers and their needs at the heart of what we do.In return we offer a great opportunity to be part of a dynamic team with prospects to really develop your capabilities and career. Whatever your aspiration, you can also expect excellent benefits, personal development and a career that's enriching and full of opportunity. join us and you'll be part of an organisation that values your contribution and empowers you to make a difference.Together we make it possible. "	"Leeds, Yorkshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Lloyds Banking Group"	"Lloyds Banking Group"	"JS4795059/598453850"	"06/12/2018 07:09:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvLK"
"Reinsurance Broker - Willis Re Graduate Programme, London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Broker - Willis Re Graduate Programme, London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Willis Re, part of the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment of Willis Towers Watson, is one of the world's leading reinsurance advisory and broking businesses. Connecting risk and capital, we help the global insurance industry, governments and society at large manage and mitigate extreme risk - from natural catastrophes such as flood, earthquakes, hurricanes and pandemics, to technological or political risks such as cyber and terrorism. Your Opportunity  As part of a fast-evolving, $365 billion global industry, Willis Re provides a multitude of exciting career opportunities for talented and driven individuals. Our two year Foundational Development Programme is unique in the industry and offered to all graduates. This includes a multitude of technical insurance and reinsurance modules delivered by our global subject matter experts through to a wider curriculum of professional, financial and client facing skills.Sponsored by the Willis Re leadership team, our programme also provides access to senior mentors and a \"buddy network\" to support your wider career development, with ample networking and experience-building opportunities. This foundational programme is part of Willis Re's world class Learning Academy, which supports career development for all our colleagues, from graduates through to senior leaders. Willis Re also fully sponsors professional qualifications including the CII and CFA Level 1. The RoleWillis Re brings together advanced analytics, risk transfer and transactional expertise to provide advisory and consultation on how risk portfolios impact performance, and execute on those capabilities to deliver improved financial results for our clients. Our broking and analytics colleagues, including actuarial, financial and catastrophe modelling teams, operate globally and work in integrated and dynamic teams. Willis Re is also an inclusive and diverse business, so you can expect to work in and learn from culturally diverse, multi-location teams on a regular basis, working on varying projects and client accounts, which include some of the largest, multinational companies in the world. As a Graduate Broker, you will therefore be immersed in all aspects of client work, business development and internal service delivery for a varied and international client base from early in your career, including: Assisting in the marketing, negotiation, placing and servicing of client accounts, working with people at all levels within the client's organisation   Creating and interpreting numerical analysis   Drafting contracts   Helping to structure, place and service transactions   Preparing pitch documents and presentation materials   Supporting internal governance, compliance, risk and operational work   Project managing internal teams to achieve agreed targets within prescribed timeframes   Background research relating to client projects or internal growth initiatives   Use of tailored Willis Re IT systems   Travel as required   Is this position right for you? Successful candidates will have strong analytical and numeracy skills, and also a talent for communication, negotiation and all-round commercial awareness. Educational Requirements Minimum 2:1 degree including A-Level Maths/Economics grade A/B or equivalent qualification. You will also need:Enthusiasm and passion to learn about Insurance, Risk and Reinsurance Ability to build strong internal and external business relationships at all levels  Ability to engage with actuarial and catastrophe management colleagues and to demonstrate a level of comfort in discussions on these subjects both internally and with clients Ability to use data and information to build and support a persuasive argument Good IT skills in Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to convey complex information clearly Ability to learn and follow internal procedures and controls  An awareness of the sales and negotiation process  The ability to prioritise, work under pressure in a fast paced environment and meet deadlines with a flexible approach to work and ability to adapt to change  An eye for detail Desire to take on early responsibility  Initiative and an eagerness to drive projects to a successful conclusion  Be a team player   The Bigger Picture Willis Re works with academia through The Willis Research Network and bodies such as the UN and World Bank, as well as a range of NGO's and Government Aid Bodies, helping connect the world of private capital to manage wider societal and environmental risks.The global financial markets have also now developed the concept of insurance risk as an investable asset class: insurance-linked securities. This has opened up a huge quantity of new financial capacity to accept and absorb risk, with capacity provided by the traditional reinsurance industry augmented with the new capital from global financial markets. Insurtech is another avenue for growth and development within the industry.Willis Re sits at this exciting cross road of innovation, acting as a fulcrum to coordinate and develop all of these activities.  The Application Process Stage 1: Application, including CV and Covering LetterStage 2: TestingStage 3: Video InterviewStage 4: 1 Day Assessment Centre Stage 5: Offer and On-boardingStart date for the UK Graduate Programme will be the beginning of September, 2019You will be notified on your progress throughout the process*Application Closing Date: February 1, 2019*Note however that Willis Re runs its graduate application process and recruitment on a rolling basis, so we encourage candidates to apply early* Please note that we do not accept multiple applications and you should only select and apply to one programme per year*Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8824884/593978051"	"03/12/2018 15:14:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQY2"
"Interim Claims Director - Insurance"	"Excellent Day Rate/FTC Salary"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Interim Claims Director - Insurance"	"London - Excellent Day Rate/FTC Salary"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"12- 18 month contract - Immediate Start Excellent opportunity for a Claims Director to work for this dynamic global insurance organisation. This is a high profile role whereby you will lead, develop and continuously improve the UK claims function and contribute to the overall business strategy.Key Responsibilities:Building a high performing culture which the function strives to consistently deliver 'best in class' customer service and is pro-active, agile and commercially minded in the handling and settlement of claims. Developing and embedding claims practices which ensure that claims indemnity spend is effectively controlled by providing fair and reasonable settlements and being effective in the identification and eradication of claims leakage and the repudiation of fraud. Setting, reviewing and monitoring claims KPls and taking necessary action to deliver to plan. Ensuring the claims function has the necessary capacity and capability to deliver on its goals through development and leadership of a high performing team; an effective resourcing and recruitment strategy; training; and performance management. Optimising the use of claims data and analytics to develop deep insight into the operation, claims spend and the external claims environment to inform and enhance the claims strategy and support day-to-day tactical decision making. Creating a highly efficient operation, through the development of a productive target operating model, the setting of clearly defined roles and responsibilities and the deployment of lean processes. Constantly seeking to identify opportunities to reduce costs through the appropriate use of automation and low-touch claims handling. Leading the on-going development of creative and innovative solutions for claims, including the assessment of digitisation opportunities including: advanced analytics; machine learning; chat-bots; and robotic automated processing (RPA) to determine where they could be cost effectively utilised to improve performance, customer service and/or reduce costs. Ensure implementation and adherence to group reserving philosophy, underpinned with strong controls and high quality standards which are audited and monitored. Effective interaction with the pricing, underwriting actuarial and head office claims teams contributing to the product and pricing strategy and keeping the technical teams abreast of claims insights, operational progress and development and emerging trends and inflationary issues. Keeping up-to-date with the external market trends and developments. Ideal Candidate Profile: The ideal candidate will be an experienced Claims Director with a proven track record of leading successful claims teams within a dynamic and growing Insurance business. You will have been involved in driving change management and leading transformation projects including claims management systems implementation ideally. You will have excellent leadership, influencing and presentation skills combined with the ability to motivate and inspire.Please note, you must be availble to start either immediately or on a short notice period. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"Excellent Day Rate/FTC Salary"	"Norrie Johnston Recruitment Limited"	"Norrie Johnston Recruitment Limited"	"JSNJR/RC219/578336925"	"03/12/2018 14:17:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPzO"
"Broking Summer Internship - Wills Re, London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Broking Summer Internship - Wills Re, London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Willis Re, part of the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment of Willis Towers Watson, is one of the world's leading reinsurance advisory and broking businesses. Connecting risk and capital, we help the global insurance industry; governments and society at large manage and mitigate extreme risk - from natural catastrophes such as flood, earthquakes, hurricanes and pandemics, to technological or political risks such as cyber and terrorism. The Role Designed for university students one year from graduation, the Willis Re Summer Internship Program is an 8 week learning experience that provides undergraduates the opportunity to gain hands-on experience working in the reinsurance industry whilst contributing to our business. The program is comprised of orientation, goal setting, training modules, team presentations, a business speaker series and a formal mid and end of internship performance review. High-performing interns will be considered for the Full time Willis Re Foundational Development Programme post graduation.This Internship will provide valuable, real-world experience in a broking role. It will enable you to apply your education in an environment that is both intellectually challenging and rewarding. At the end of your time with us, you will have a greater understanding of what we do and how closely our career opportunities match your ambitions. You will be treated in the same way as our new graduates, receiving the same quality and quantity of work. It is the perfect opportunity to understand what you could expect if you joined our business and Reinsurance Development Programme full time the following year. Is this position right for you?  Successful candidates will have strong analytical and numeracy skills, and also a talent for communication, negotiation and all-round commercial awareness.  Educational Requirements:  Predicted 2:1 degree   A-Level Maths/Economics grade A/B or equivalent qualification is required   You will also need:  Enthusiasm and passion to learn about Insurance, Risk and Reinsurance   Strong analytical and numerical skills - must be able to quickly grasp complex issues   High degree of self-discipline, commitment and modesty combined with an ability to manage own expectations.   Desire to take on early responsibility   Ability to engage with and build strong internal and external business relationships at all levels   Ability to use data and information to build and support a persuasive argument   Good IT skills in Word and PowerPoint, with a high degree of competence in MS Excel   Attention to detail   Flexible approach to work and able to adapt to change   An awareness of the sales and negotiation process   The ability to prioritise, work under pressure in a fast paced environment and meet deadlines   Ability to convey complex information clearly   Initiative and an eagerness to drive projects to a successful conclusion   Be a team player   Ability to learn and follow internal procedures and controls   The Application Process Stage 1: Online Application, including CV and Covering LetterStage 2: Online TestingStage 3: Video InterviewStage 4: 1 Day Assessment Centre Stage 5: Offer and On-boarding Start date for the Willis Re UK Intern Programme will be the end of June 2019You will be notified on your progress throughout the process*Application Closing Date: January, 2019* Note however that Willis Re runs its graduate application process and recruitment on a rolling basis, so we encourage candidates to apply early The Bigger Picture and Your Opportunity As part of a fast-evolving, $365 billion global industry, Willis Re provides a multitude of exciting career opportunities for talented and driven individuals. We bring together advanced analytics, risk transfer and transactional expertise to provide advisory and consultation on how risk portfolios impact performance, and execute on those capabilities to deliver improved financial results for our clients. Our broking and analytics colleagues, including actuarial, financial and catastrophe modelling teams, operate globally and work in integrated and dynamic teams. Willis Re is also an inclusive and diverse business, so you can expect to work in and learn from culturally diverse, multi-location teams on a regular basis, working on varying projects and client accounts. Willis Re also works with academia through The Willis Research Network and bodies such as the UN and World Bank, as well as a range of NGO's and Government Aid Bodies, helping connect the world of private capital to manage wider societal and environmental risks.The global financial markets have also now developed the concept of insurance risk as an investable asset class: insurance-linked securities. This has opened up a huge quantity of new financial capacity to accept and absorb risk, with capacity provided by the traditional reinsurance industry augmented with the new capital from global financial markets. Insurtech is another avenue for growth and development within the industry.Willis Re sits at this exciting cross road of innovation, acting as a fulcrum to coordinate and develop all of these activities.Apply "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Graduate"	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8917892/593978196"	"03/12/2018 14:13:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwT"
"Insurance Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Insurance Pricing Manager"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Our client seeks a talented pricing manager (part-qualified FIA/CII/MBA) to develop and maintain multivariate statistical models for a number of non-life insurance lines, whilst developing and maintaining the price optimisation capability for Motor insurance products. With proven pricing experience, the successful candidate will have an understanding of risk underwriting and risk-based pricing of insurance products. Extensive software skills, notably, Excel, SQL/SAS, also essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85389/600714790"	"09/12/2018 15:02:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmUar"
"Senior Internal Auditor"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Internal Auditor"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client, our major insurer, is seeking a talented auditor with knowledge of life and pensions insurance products to conduct internal audit work on a variety of assignments as determined by the annual Audit Plan. With a sound understanding of risk management principles and practices, the successful candidate will possess considerable experience of Internal Audit principles and practices, managing internal audit and assurance delivery within a framework of matrix-reporting. Good leadership and interpersonal skills also essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85127/598778650"	"07/12/2018 16:01:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TX"
"Cutting Edge Modelling"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Cutting Edge Modelling"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A highly visible solutions-focused role within this international firm's London office, working with some of the biggest players in the insurance world. You'll have the opportunity to lead or assist on major transformation and change projects, whilst contributing to best practice. Financial modelling expertise is a must (with coding experience in any major modelling platform), together with knowledge of IFRS17 and Solvency II, and other relevant regulatory aspects. An exciting role on the cutting-edge of the industry, allowing you to develop your consulting skillset whilst upskilling and mentoring others in the team. Contact us to learn more about this incredible opportunity. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82632/598778331"	"07/12/2018 16:00:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TF"
"Cat Modeller with Strong Programming Skills"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Cat Modeller with Strong Programming Skills"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a market-leading organisation who are seeking to hire a catastrophe modeller with excellent modelling/programming skills. In this exciting career opportunity, you will utilise your skills and experience to improve code and processes. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82580/598778890"	"07/12/2018 15:28:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MD"
"Non-life Pricing Analysts - Home/Motor Lines"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analysts - Home/Motor Lines"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer has a number of exciting opportunities for non-life pricing analysts to support their motor and home business lines where you will Develop recommendations to improve the pricing performance and longer-term pricing capability. In these key roles, you will develop the appropriate MI to measure the performance of new pricing strategies and to ensure portfolio risk is managed appropriately. You will also work closely with the risk modelling team to ensure consistency of pricing practice, utilising the risk models as the best view of risk assessment. Previous experience of the personal lines insurance market is desirable, as is knowledge of SAS, EMBlem and/or optimisation software. These are excellent opportunities to develop your career within a market-leader so contact us now for more information. Paul Cook, Associate Director M:  E:  "	"South East, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85060/598778266"	"07/12/2018 15:20:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jj"
"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a talented data scientist to join its pricing team where you will develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to gain insights into insurance products. Working closely with technical pricing analysts and other data analysts elsewhere in the business, you will be responsible for expanding data processing and technical modelling framework. In addition, you will establish efficient ways of implementing segmentation and predictive models whilst ensuring that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basis. With exceptional statistical skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques. Advanced experience of commercial data science or analytics software (eg Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.) also required. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82872/598778307"	"07/12/2018 15:20:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jf"
"Cutting-Edge Marketing Analytics"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Cutting-Edge Marketing Analytics"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"An amazing opportunity in an innovative and new function, focused on optimising insurance marketing through the application of advanced modelling and analytics. With strong abilities and a depth of experience in analytics and programming, coupled with your flair for marketing, you will work with stakeholders across the business in providing rich and actionable insights. Knowledge of SQL, Python, R and other languages is an advantage, together with any experience of machine learning techniques and similar tools. Contact us now for more information on this exciting and unique newly created position, where you can truly make your mark with like-minded colleagues. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82860/598778357"	"07/12/2018 15:20:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Jc"
"Underwriting Analyst - Non-life"	""	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Analyst - Non-life"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a talented underwriter with strong analytical skills and pricing experience to provide expert technical and analytical underwriting support to achieve performance targets and the Underwriting strategy. In this key role, you will lead the evaluation of benefits, the presentation of recommendations to key stakeholders and ensure delivery of changes to underwriting rules (including referral rules), rating and footprint across all product channels. You will also monitor exposure trends in underwriting performance and mix monitoring MI, delivering expert analysis and reviewing potential mitigating actions. In addition, you will lead the delivery of changes to align underwriting rules with Technical & Margin Pricing developments and changes in Pricing capability. With good people management and communication skills, the successful candidate will ideally have experience of using SAS and QlikSense (or equivalent). Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82866/598778774"	"06/12/2018 11:17:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxI9"
"Principal Systems Analyst - GI Pricing"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Principal Systems Analyst - GI Pricing"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a market-leading insurer, is seeking a talented individual with advanced SAS programming knowledge (preferably with Advanced SAS Certification qualification) to provide SAS support on a number of projects. In this unique opportunity, you will strive continuously to improve the SAS technical architecture, maintaining robust, fully documented data processes and coding standards. You will also develop your knowledge of pricing and underwriting systems and processes, whilst developing your business and market knowledge and awareness of relevant industry areas which impact your specialism. Extensive experience working in a dynamic environment, solving commercial data or analytical challenges, is essential.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85061/598778513"	"06/12/2018 09:17:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwel"
"Non-life Manager - Data Science and Analytics"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Manager - Data Science and Analytics"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading-edge client is seeking a talented individual to create and maintain multivariate statistical models for its motor business. The successful candidate will have made progress towards, or completed, a relevant professional qualification (FIA, CII or MBA).Developing and maintaining the price optimisation capability for our client, you will also create pricing controls, liaising closely with internal and external partners to ensure pricing is implemented correctly and within business timescales.You will also lead investigations into the best use of data, analytical techniques and software whilst producing appropriate models to support pricing and operational activity.With excellent interpersonal and organisational skills, you will be a creative thinker with excellent technical knowledge of pricing and analytical/data science techniques."	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4952/593978687"	"03/12/2018 15:11:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXH"
"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a talented data scientist to join its pricing team where you will develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to gain insights into insurance products.Working closely with technical pricing analysts and other data analysts elsewhere in the business, you will be responsible for expanding data processing and technical modelling framework.In addition, you will establish efficient ways of implementing segmentation and predictive models whilst ensuring that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basis.With exceptional statistical skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques.Advanced experience of commercial data science or analytics software (eg Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.) also required."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5329/593978963"	"03/12/2018 14:20:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP1y"
"Claims Manager - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Claims Manager - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a talented Claims Manager (CII part-qualified) to provide a high quality, empathetic claims service to our client's policyholders and ensure that claims are handled efficiently and in accordance with policy terms and conditions.A self-starter with excellent organisational skills with the ability to work under pressure, the successful candidate will have proven ability of handling complex household claims.Previous call centre experience is desirable."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5255/593978891"	"03/12/2018 14:14:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwj"
"Claims Manager - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Claims Manager - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a talented Claims Manager (CII part-qualified) to provide a high quality, empathetic claims service to our client's policyholders and ensure that claims are handled efficiently and in accordance with policy terms and conditions.A self-starter with excellent organisational skills with the ability to work under pressure, the successful candidate will have proven ability of handling complex household claims.Previous call centre experience is desirable."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	NA	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5255/593978891"	"03/12/2018 14:14:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwj"
