"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"duration"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"start_date"	"category"
"Actuary"	"£600 - £650 per Day"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Contract"	"Actuary"	"Reading, Berkshire - £600 - £650 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"ActuaryWorking with Prudential as an Actuary means becoming part of a brand with a global reputation, a remarkable history and exciting plans for the future. If you're inspired to join us, and if you have the necessary qualities, then this could be the opportunity you've been looking for.At Prudential we're absolutely focused on getting the best outcomes for customers. Ours is one of the most profitable and trusted names in life and pensions, and we lead the market in a number of pension products. Across the world, we look after £635 billion in savings and investments for 24 million customers (as at June 2017).This role requires a part qualified/qualified Actuary who has practical experience across a range of Finance specialisms. The main duties of the role are:To produce and be accountable for the technical accuracy of financial information to support the production of actuarial analysis, models and reportsTo provide specialist technical advice and guidance on the application of actuarial principles and tools to support business objectives, coaching and guiding less experienced members of the teamTo provide technical expertise to design technical solutions as part of change projects within Finance where requiredPeople who work at Prudential agree that ours is a great place to work with a brilliant team spirit. It's also an innovative, high-performing commercial environment that's totally focused on customers. And in a fast-changing world, you'll join an organisation that's leading the way in helping customers achieve their long-term financial goals.At Prudential we work hard to create an environment that enables everyone to flourish and we actively encourage diversity across the business. "	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Finance"	"6 months"	"£600 - £650 per Day"	"Resource Solutions - M&G Prudential"	"Martyn Jack"	"JS-1111862"	"29/11/2018 10:38:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkguQ"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Configuration Consultant"	"Competitve + Bonus + Bens"	"Newbury"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Configuration Consultant"	"Newbury - Competitve + Bonus + Bens"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	" As an Actuarial Configuration Consultant, you will be responsible for the set-up, testing, and support of a leading Fin Tech's stochastic modelling tools, working with senior analysts, consultants and developers to deliver high quality solutions to their clients.   Key Responsibilities   Functional and numerical system testing of newly developed tools and enhancements to existing tools using an agile approach, handling aspects such as data integration and defect management to ensure timely delivery to specification/requirements.   Configuring and testing of the systems, including independent checking of stochastic forecast results.   Test planning and implementation including drafting high level and low level test plans, test scenarios/criteria and scripts.   Core Skills/Qualifications   A degree in mathematics or a scientific discipline with high mathematical content   1+ years' experience within an analytical systems based role or financial environment.   Strong Excel knowledge   Good problem solving skills and ability to provide creative solutions   Able to work independently with excellent attention to detail   Ability to respond appropriately to moving or competing priorities   Ability to communicate effectively and confidently and relay technically complex concepts   Ability to function professionally and proactively in a team environment - being a good team player is essential   Be able to use own initiative to ensure productivity is maintained.   A desire to succeed and progress within your career.   Actuarial exams aren't required but would be looked upon favourably.   For full details please contact Katie Collins. "	"Newbury, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Competitve + Bonus + Bens"	"Intega IT"	"Katie Colins "	"JSATC-KC"	"27/11/2018 09:38:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMnq"	"ASAP - 4 weeks"	NA
"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"£45k"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"Bristol - £45k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Role: Retail Pricing Analyst Salary: DOE Location: Bristol How would you like to work for one of the UK's fastest growing insurance and claims management businesses? Lynx Recruitment are working closely with a client committed to providing customer satisfaction. They are based in Bristol and looking for an Actuarial Analyst with a proven track record within the Motor Insurance industry. Key Responsibilities: With feedback, look to amend and improve the price optimisation framework A focus around delivering the price optimisation project Involvement in the generation of new and renewal of current business Maximisation of lifetime value through manipulation of broker loads, allowing for many aspects of business: Models of price elasticity, loss ratios, broker finance income, broker loads, MTA propensity, cancellation propensity, renewal propensity, market price models, more general demand models etc. Potential to get involved in risk pricing either directly or indirectly Desirable Skills/Experience A proven track record in both Personal Lines and Motor Insurance is essential Statistical modelling A track record in working with SAS/SQL/R or other An actuarial focus, either through experience or exams is desirable Good communication skills A range of great benefits are also on offer and there will be a discussion around our client's full actuarial study package at the interview stage should this be desired."	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£45k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Joshua Wetson"	"JSJW110"	"28/11/2018 08:50:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GiCkV"	"ASAP"	NA
"Pricing Actuary - General Insurance Pricing, Property Insurance"	"£750 - £765 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Pricing Actuary - General Insurance Pricing, Property Insurance"	"City of London - £750 - £765 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Pricing Actuary - General Insurance Pricing, Property Insurance, Delegated Authority & great communication skills.ContractLondon3 months Initially£765/dayMy prestigious client is looking to recruit a Pricing Actuary for an initial period of 3 months. You will be working in the Property Delegated Authority to undertake case pricing and rating model development.Qualified or near qualified actuary with at least 4-5 years' work experiencePrior general insurance pricing experience - particularly in Property insurance3-month contract to provide additional resource for key policy renewal periodMajority of work will be individual case pricing, and some pricing model development in Property Delegated Authorities division. It will involve regular (daily) contact with underwriters, so will need someone with strong communication skills. Working alongside two newly qualified actuaries with experience ranging from 5-10 years.Will look at more experienced actuaries, so long as they are willing to perform the above role and get involved to meet priorities as they come up.Pricing Actuary - General Insurance Pricing, Property Insurance, Delegated Authority & great communication skills.ContractLondon3 months Initially£765/day"	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	"3 months"	"£750 - £765 per Day"	"i3 Resourcing"	"John Melrose "	"JS-JM/I3/ACT"	"27/11/2018 09:37:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMni"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Trainee"	"£36,000 - £54,000"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Trainee"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - £36,000 - £54,000"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Senior Actuarial TraineeSalary: £36,000 - £54,000Benefits - 9% Bonus at target, PMI after 1 year, 28 days holiday, Pension, flexi benefitsRoyal London is the largest mutual life, pensions and Investment Company in the UK, with Group funds under management of £114 billion and latest Profit Share pay out to members of £142 million. Group businesses provide around 9.0 million policies and employ 3,669 people. (Figures quoted are as at 10 May 2018). Founded as a Friendly Society in a London coffee shop in 1861, Royal London started out with the aim to help people avoid the stigma of a pauper's grave. Since then we have been helping people help themselves and are committed to delivering the best value for customers and putting members first.We have an excellent permanent opportunity for a Senior Actuarial Trainee to join the Business Partnering team in Edinburgh. The Business Partnering team seeks to support, challenge and influence the business. The purpose of the role is to provide value added insight to the business we are writing, including the risks to profits and opportunities to enhance profits. The role will involve working closely with other teams in Finance and the wider business to carry out detailed modelling and analysis, and clearly communicating the results to senior stakeholders throughout the Group.Responsibilities:Undertake technical analysis using complex actuarial and analytical techniques.Checks work of a technical or complex nature, providing feedback to the originator.Identify and make improvements to areas in processes which have a high level of risk or control failure.Challenge and make improvements and efficiencies to data, processes, procedures and documentation to make them more accurate and/or efficient.Seek and use innovative solutions to queries and problems.Provide insight and interpretation of data and results to colleagues across the department and the wider business.Skills, Qualifications & Experience:Nearly Qualified or Newly Qualified Actuary (ie FIA or FFA) with excellent understanding of the actuarial concepts and techniques required to fulfil the role.Strong Financial Modelling experience/Strong spreadsheet development skillsIdeally experience of working within another life insurance business or consultancy.Highly developed communication skills, verbal, written and listening.Ability to communicate in a professional manner with colleagues, senior managers, boards and committees across the department and the wider business and to third parties and external bodies.Royal London is an equal opportunities employer. We work hard to attract the best talent for our award-winning team. We believe that embracing difference makes us stronger. Our diverse people bring us different skills - whatever their educational background, disability, gender, age, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief.We will consider flexible working arrangements for all our roles. We also welcome applications from individuals who have taken an extended career break.To apply, please use the 'Apply Online' link below.For any further queries regarding the role, please contact Erik Snaathorst (see below)"	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£36,000 - £54,000"	"Resource Management"	"Resource Management ltd "	"JS-ROYAL LONDON02950"	"27/11/2018 10:41:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkN7U"	NA	NA
"Aspen Actuarial Graduate Program"	""	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Aspen Actuarial Graduate Program"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"As a Graduate Actuary at Aspen, you'll be using your love of mathematics to master the numbers behind our business. By analysing our past and present business and management data, you'll help us to quantify the risks and probabilities of future events, providing us with actionable information and a competitive advantage in one of three key areas:Reserving: applying statistical techniques to assess the likely outcome of our insurance liabilities, and the capital provisions required to meet them.Pricing: assessing the frequency and average amount of claims in order to establish our risk appetite and allow us to price our risks appropriately and competitively.Capital modelling: projecting our liabilities and assets to assess solvency and future capital needs.You'll be working with some of the industry's best actuaries who will help and guide you during your program, especially while you're studying for your actuarial examinations. Successful completion of modules will see you rewarded with pay increases and bonuses, allowing your career to progress as quickly as you want it to.We are looking for graduates who are highly numerate and are on track to achieve a 2:1 (UK) or a GPA of 3.0 or above (US). You will be studying towards or have completed an Actuarial Science or a mathematically related degree at Bachelors level or higher. In the UK you will have good GCSE and A/AS Level grades (300 UCAS points), ideally having studied a numerical subject such mathematics to A or AS Level and achieved a B grade or above.Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to quickly build relationships are crucial for success, as our roles are business-facing from day one. We are looking for candidates who are self-starters and are able to handle multiple tasks and prioritise demonstrating strong organizational and time management skills.We are looking for candidates who are self-starters and are able to handle multiple tasks and prioritise demonstrating strong organizational and time management skills.To apply click on the link and fill out all the fields and upload the latest copy of your resume. Be sure all of your contact information is included on the resume so we can contact you by phone and E-mail.Don't forget to press \"submit\" when you're done. And for more information about the Program, please visit our website"	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Pontoon"	"Rita Gilbert"	"JS-ASP-ACT239596834"	"28/11/2018 13:00:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkYuS"	NA	"Graduate"
"General Insurance Actuary"	"£70k - £85k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"General Insurance Actuary"	"London - £70k - £85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"How would you like to work for a global, top 4 consultancy? Lynx Recruitment are working closely with their client as they go through a period of extensive growth, now looking to take on board Senior Consultants to be involved in a variety of areas. Key areas of involvement: IFRS17 Solvency II Actuarial modelling Capital management Reserving Required Skills: Sound knowledge of the non-life industry Application of knowledge to a wide variety of situations Experience in at least one of the areas above A strong academic background in the actuarial industry Strong communication skills Required Experience: Be actively involved in multiple projects of a technical nature The ability to manage small groups of Actuarial trainees Comfortability in dealing with an extensive list of clients including face-to-face meetings Assist with business development While an extensive skill set is naturally important, our client places an equal value on a strong and adaptable personality. The candidate must be multi-dimensional and willing to contribute wherever and whenever required. A great range of benefits are also on offer. If this is of interest then please do not hesitate to get in touch."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£70k - £85k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Joshua Wetson "	"JSJWACT1"	"29/11/2018 08:09:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GhFy2"	"ASAP"	NA
"MoSes Developer"	"Up to £800 per Day"	"United Kingdom"	"Contract"	"MoSes Developer"	"United Kingdom - Up to £800 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Our client is looking for an actuarial MoSes developer based on a 6 months contract - up to £800 per day The senior Actuarial Modeller role forms a key part of the Division Modelling Team that provides a group level modelling service - including Europe & UK. Supporting the Head of Actuarial Modelling and the team in the development and maintenance of MoSes Pricing, Valuation and Corporate modelling tools across all product lines and Business Units whilst also managing, coaching and developing less experienced Actuarial Modellers This allows the Actuarial Modeller to be exposed to a dynamic and extensive variety of models, products and treaties. This is a Front Office role from an internal perspective and the team interacts with the model users from all over the business on a daily basis. An example of a key project that the Actuarial Modeller will work on will be a model migration exercise scheduled in order to migrate all of the models to a new platform Must have coding experience in eg. C++ or Visual Basic Demonstrable interest in actuarial modelling and model development experience, preferably with knowledge of Life, CI, IP and Annuity/Longevity products Experience of using MoSes, RiskAgility FM or similar modelling platforms, including an understanding of the benefits and limitations of such platforms Advanced understanding of Microsoft Excel and Word Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to build and manage relationships with stakeholders in Actuarial and non-Actuarial teams If you are interested in this opportunity or looking for similar opportunities please feel free to contact our team."	"United Kingdom"	"IT"	"6 months"	"Up to £800 per Day"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Joshua Wetson "	"JSJWMOS1"	"29/11/2018 08:09:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GhAMV"	"ASAP"	"Executive"
"Pricing Analyst"	"£45k-£65k (DOE)"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Analyst"	"London - £45k-£65k (DOE)"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Pricing Analyst - Model Development Insurance  Job Description    A leading international specialist insurance company is looking for a Pricing Analyst to join their pricing team. As a Pricing Analyst, you will provide pricing support, analysis and influence on the book of commercial high-net worth household, motor as well as specialty lines and other sectors. Key responsibilities: Lead a complete pricing analysis and modelling projects to deliver comprehensive pricing and underwriting recommendations into the business. Influence stakeholders in the wider business to deliver budgeted volume and profitability targets over the underwriting cycle. You will be a key point of contact for product and portfolio underwriting managers and work with them to develop pricing models and approaches that enhance ability to select and accurately price business according to the risk presented. Take accountability for the performance of all pricing models used for your products Monitor performance, develop, execute and maintain regular segmented analysis to improve understanding of profitability. Executing, and maintaining analysis in terms of quote conversion, policy retention, and claims experience, and analysis of competitor behavior. Requirements:  Good understanding of Commercial Lines and Personal Lines insurance. High level of numeric competence and excellent data gathering and manipulation skills. In-depth statistical skills within typical business scenarios. General knowledge of programming, statistical and machine learning approaches. Strong analytical pragmatic reasoning skills. Innovative problem-solving approach. Excellent communication skills with ability to simplify complex subjects. Deadline oriented, hardworking, curious, passionate, enthusiastic and a self-starter. Comfortable influencing and communicating across a Matrix structure. Experience in using data manipulation & statistical software packages such as SAS, SQL, Excel/VBA etc. Note: This is not an actuarial role."	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance"	NA	"£45k-£65k (DOE)"	"HFG"	"Simona Zalyte"	"JS"	"28/11/2018 07:02:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Ggzf2"	NA	NA
"Head of Investment Strategy"	"£1k - £1.4k per Day"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Contract"	"Head of Investment Strategy"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - £1k - £1.4k per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Our client is one if the leading Investment firms in the UK and they are looking to recruit an Interim Head of Investment Strategy to be either base in London or Scotland.This role will be primarily responsible for the Group's Investment philosophy and Strategic Asset Allocation Framework to be within risk appetite and ensuring alignment with the firm's brand.Key Responsibilities:Strategic Asset Allocation Framework is reviewed and maintained annually to ensure that the long term asset allocation of all Group multi asset funds is optimised to provide good customer outcomesUse best practice Asset Liability Management techniques to regularly review the Strategic Asset Allocations to deliver good customer outcomesReviews capital impact of changes to Strategic Asset Allocations against risk appetitePro-actively explores opportunities with external partners to develop investment capabilities which will support better customer outcomesImplements, monitors and reviews investment strategies provided by external fund managersKey skills and experience required:Experience of Life Office Asset Management would be highly advantageousKnowledge of modern asset liability management techniquesExcellent understanding of the Investment marketUnderstanding of Assets & Capital Markets including Derivatives knowledgeIdeally you will also be a qualified actuary"	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	"6 months"	"£1k - £1.4k per Day"	"Resource Management"	"Ben Beesley"	"JS-BB231"	"29/11/2018 10:44:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgzP"	"ASAP"	"Executive"
"Technical Business Analysts - London Market Insurance"	"Up to £80K + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Technical Business Analysts - London Market Insurance"	"London - Up to £80K + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"My client is looking to hire two permanent Technical Business Analysts to join their Technology Team. The Technology Team is responsible for all IT operations as well as a strategic technology transformation programme, incorporating the strategies for applications, infrastructure, support and application development. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Apply detailed analysis and problem solving to produce high quality user stories, wireframes, functional and non-functional specifications, current and future state processes and dataflows, KPIs and business cases. Support a range of strategic IT initiatives, projects and requirements spanning data strategy, data warehouse, MI, workflow, document management, application development, off the shelf applications and market modernisation systems. Champion the agile, change control, testing, release and project management processes The successful candidate will be a delivery focussed and will interface between IT and the business. KEY REQUIREMENTS Ideally have a minimum 5 years Technical BA experience gained in the London underwriting market. Experience of working on finance, actuarial and data warehouse systems would be particularly advantageous. years working in an Agile environment. Any experience gained as scrum master would be particularly advantageous "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Up to £80K + Benefits"	"HFG"	"Perry Jones "	"JS"	"27/11/2018 18:01:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRL4"	NA	NA
"Technical Business Analyst - London Insurance Market"	"up to £80K + disc bonus + excellent benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Technical Business Analyst - London Insurance Market"	"London - up to £80K + disc bonus + excellent benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Technical Business Analyst - London Insurance Market Joining this leading Lloyd's Insurance Underwriter in the City of London you will have strong London Insurance Market experience working as a Business Analyst within IT. The IT team is responsible for all IT operations as well as a strategic technology transformation programme, incorporating the strategies for applications, infrastructure, support and application development. The successful candidate will be a delivery focused interface between IT and the business Key responsibilities:- Apply detailed analysis and problem solving to produce high quality user stories, wireframes, functional and non-functional specifications, current and future state processes and data-flows, KPIs and business cases Support a range of strategic IT initiatives, projects and requirements spanning data strategy, data warehouse, MI, workflow, document management, application development, off the shelf applications and market modernisation systems. Champion the agile, change control, testing, release and project management processes Skills/experience required:- The successful candidate will have recent experience working in the London Insurance Market, preferably an Underwriters, excellent analysis, problem solving, wire framing, presentation and written/verbal communication skills to effortlessly translate requirements and feedback between senior stakeholders, end-users, 3rd parties and technologists. 5-10 years Technical BA experience gained in the London Insurance Market Experience of working on finance, actuarial and data warehouse systems would be particularly advantageous 5 years working in an Agile environment. Any experience gained as a scrum master would be particularly advantageous "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"up to £80K + disc bonus + excellent benefits"	"Auriol Resource"	"Rachael Fleming "	"JS/RLF/3/32"	"27/11/2018 18:29:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRdS"	"ASAP"	NA
"Head of Investment Strategy"	"£1000 - £1400 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Head of Investment Strategy"	"City of London - £1000 - £1400 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Our client is one if the leading Investment firms in the UK and they are looking to recruit an Interim Head of Investment Strategy to be either base in London or Scotland.This role will be primarily responsible for the Group's Investment philosophy and Strategic Asset Allocation Framework to be within risk appetite and ensuring alignment with the firm's brand.Key Responsibilities:Strategic Asset Allocation Framework is reviewed and maintained annually to ensure that the long term asset allocation of all Group multi asset funds is optimised to provide good customer outcomesUse best practice Asset Liability Management techniques to regularly review the Strategic Asset Allocations to deliver good customer outcomesReviews capital impact of changes to Strategic Asset Allocations against risk appetitePro-actively explores opportunities with external partners to develop investment capabilities which will support better customer outcomesImplements, monitors and reviews investment strategies provided by external fund managersKey skills and experience required:Experience of Life Office Asset Management would be highly advantageousKnowledge of modern asset liability management techniquesExcellent understanding of the Investment marketUnderstanding of Assets & Capital Markets including Derivatives knowledgeIdeally you will also be a qualified actuary"	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	"6 months"	"£1000 - £1400 per Day"	"Resource Management"	"Ben Beesley"	"JS-BB232"	"29/11/2018 10:47:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkg1S"	"ASAP"	"Executive"
"Data Scientist"	"£30k - 42k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £30k - 42k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data ScientistInsuranceCity of LondonAn amazing opportunity for a talented Data Scientist to join the leading Specialty Insurance company to work within their technical pricing team. DUTIES:Develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to draw insights and shape the strategic direction of data usageTake part in expanding data processing and technical modelling frameworkEstablish efficient ways of implement segmentation and predictive modelsEnsure that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basisSKILLS & EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:Academic background in computer science, engineering, physics, actuarial science, statistics or Maths based equivalentExceptional statistical skills - experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques (eg linear or logistic regression, gradient boosted machines, random forest, regularisation, neural networks)Advanced data manipulation or experience of managing large-scale data sets within an analytical function (eg dplyr, pandas, SQL, etc.)Advanced experience of data science or analytics software like Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.Working knowledge of relevant development environments (eg PyCharm, RStudio, Visual Studio Code, eclipse) and Shell Scripting (eg Bash, PowerShell), version control (eg git, Subversion, Mercurial) etc.BENEFITS:As well as a competitive salary, this role also offers: Performance profit share bonus (c.12% of salary)25 days holiday plus bank holidaysEmployer pension contribution of 5%, with employee contribution of 3%+Income replacement insurance4 x salary life assurance You will also have access to flexible benefits, which are employee paid, and includes: holiday buy, gym membership, car salary sacrifice, critical illness insurance, health screening - allowing you the freedom to choose those that are most appropriate for you. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£30k - 42k per annum"	"HFG"	"Simona Zalyte "	"JSSZ143L"	"03/12/2018 12:02:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOSV"	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Engineer (DevOps)"	"£425 - £475 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Software Engineer (DevOps)"	"London - £425 - £475 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Software Engineer - DevOpsOur client, a market leading financial services organisation require a software engineer (DevOps). You will be part of a team developing and supporting a critical financial application hosted in Amazon Web Services (AWS). This involves working on changes from a number of global business units and ensuring that changes meet the needs of each of them. The team you will be working in are responsible for:Bringing together and driving solutions for Finance Systems and Data Warehousing across the UK Businesses.Driving platform stability, integrity and security for our customers through robust operational discipline.Ensuring that platform change and engagement is simple, fast and cost effective by building world class engineering capability, enabling us to Defy Uncertainty for our customers at pace.Ensuring that the platforms remain highly competitive and cost optimised by driving simplification in all aspects, strong partnerships and a culture of innovation and agile working.Duties & ResponsibilitiesResponsible for deploying, automating, maintaining, troubleshooting and improving the systems that keep the Back End infrastructure running smoothly.ensuring the security, performance, monitoring and design integrity of data and the underlying infrastructure;Building close working relationships with Business customers as well as internal and external service providers to ensure continuity of Business and application serviceContributing to the shaping of technical standards and guidelines whilst ensuring a consistent Cloud DevOps approach is applied across the Actuarial Modelling Platform.Providing input to inform the shaping of new projects and initiatives, assessing the impact of initiatives or projects on systems/applications.Key Skills & Experience experience of working in a DevOps teamCloud (ideally AWS) operational experienceSignificant experience of to Powershell and Windows ScriptingSignificant experience of pipeline tools including Packer, GIT/Stash, Puppet and Terraform.Experience with Jenkins and/or automated build systems/processes.Exposure to Cloud computing, particularly AWS."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"6 months"	"£425 - £475 per Day"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Charlie Allen"	"JS-N1Q894BG"	"28/11/2018 10:26:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWs1"	"ASAP"	NA
"Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI"	"£70k - £75k per annum + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI"	"London - £70k - £75k per annum + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI, Insurance Applications & ACORDPermanentLondon£70,000 - £75,000 + Bonus + Benefits.This is a great opportunity to join a collaborative department within the reinsurance space. The team uses cutting edge technology and has a great work ethic.Working as a member of the European Technology Services team, provide application support and maintenance for my client's European reinsurance business applications and services. This includes assisting with the development, implementation and support of new applications and enhancements.Main Responsibilities:Plan, coordinate and manage the implementation of new and existing reinsurance applications namely Galaxy and IRIS applications respectively. This includes defining, setting up, configuring, performing systems testing, assisting user testing and training for any such application.Analyse and translate my client's business requirements into highly specified systems requirements.Ensure that all application change requests are processed according to Technology Services' Change Request procedures and compliant with any Group requirements.Support and maintain my clients electronic messaging systems used for its London market bureau processing functions and play a key role in the development and implementation of its new ACORD messaging solutions. A good understanding and knowledge of ACORD messaging is preferable, but we will consider candidates without Acord for this position.Develop and maintain data-sets used for MI and User reporting including exporting/importing data from/to other applications and Data Warehouses.Ensure Information Management budgets are adhered to and deadlines are met using good project management skills. Communicate project status in a timely and efficient manner to the business, including project sponsors and owners.Provide application user support and training.Work Duties:To develop, maintain and provide primary support for Galaxy and IRIS applications relating primarily to its reinsurance business. Provide additional support, as necessary, to insurance applications.Assist in the ongoing migration of IRIS environments to the new Galaxy system. Assist in the development and support of the new Global reinsurance application, Galaxy.Provide technical support to reinsurance and if necessary, its insurance applications.Plan, perform (including testing) and project manage upgrades to the above applications, as required.Specify, write (where appropriate), verify and test programs, scripts or other programmable modules based on user requirements or business rules. This includes the production of data-sets used for MI and User reporting requirements, eg using SQL, Power BI or other reporting tool.Liaise with external software service providers regarding the implementation of new application systems, reporting of software faults and monitoring their progress to satisfactory resolution.Evaluate current application functionality and reporting systems and determine what changes are required to meet new user requirements.Ensure that all work follows appropriate standards and conforms to all regulatory compliance procedures set down by my client.Liaise and work closely with Technology Services staff of all levels throughout my client's offices, primarily being London, New Jersey and Dublin.Experience Required:A minimum of 5 years' experience working as a business analyst in the re/insurance industry combined with a solid understanding of underwriting, claims, accounting and actuarial functions.Experience of one or more re/insurance applications (such as IRIS, Genius, Xuber, SICS, AdvantageGo, Sequel or an in-house equivalent).Electronic messaging ie ACORD standards and solutions experience, and knowledge would be nice to have.A good understanding and knowledge of Microsoft Power BI or similar business analytics software/services.Excellent communication skills - ability to comfortably communicate with both technical and non-technical people at all levels.Relevant degree in Computer Science or equivalent.Business Systems Analyst - Insurance, Reinsurance, MI, Insurance Applications & ACORDPermanentLondon£70,000 - £75,000 + Bonus + Benefits.This is a great opportunity to join a collaborative department within the reinsurance space. The team uses cutting edge technology and has a great work ethic."	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance"	NA	"£70k - £75k per annum + Bonus + Benefits"	"i3 Resourcing"	"John Melrose "	"JS-JM/EBSA/I3"	"27/11/2018 09:37:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMnj"	NA	NA
"Proposition Manager - Pensions"	"£53803 - £80704 per annum"	"Wilmslow, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"Proposition Manager - Pensions"	"Wilmslow, Cheshire - £53803 - £80704 per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Proposition Manager - Pensions Salary: £53,803-80,704Benefits: 28 days Holiday + Bank Holidays, Pension & Annual Bonus The Royal London Legacy Division is responsible for delivering exceptional customer outcomes to approximately 6 million policy holders across 500 products.We are seeking a dynamic and experienced senior manager to join the division to manage the product life cycle within our suite of pension propositions. The key purpose of the role is to ensure that the pension Legacy propositions deliver great customer outcomes and superior value for money.Reporting to the Head of Propositions, the role will also support the executive team in delivering the key objectives of the business. This includes supporting strategic business programmes, identifying opportunities to add value to the Legacy book and shaping and delivering agendas to achieve operational efficiencies.Responsibilities also include: Shaping and delivering against a clear, risk based proposition review plan in line with risk appetite presenting to the Divisional Executive Committee and Group Customer Standards CommitteesOperating within a robust risk, control and governance regime to facilitate the robust oversight of propositions;Ensuring propositions are legal and regulatory compliant in a continually changing environment by operating an effective framework of people, processes and systems in which we can monitor, influence, oversee and deliver all regulatory and legislative changeManaging a large part of the Legacy Division existing range of products (pensions policies circa 2.5m across Royal London, CIS, Royal Liver and PLAL), in line with Royal London's operating model, risk management standards and efficiency targetsOverseeing a full control framework for the product portfolio, ensuring risks are managed/mitigated in line with Group risk appetite and ensuring propositions deliver great customer outcomesProviding oversight of the Pensions portfolio projects to ensure all changes are delivered to time, budget & quality - this will include overseeing outsourcers projectsProvide Pensions product expertise and deep market understanding collaborating with and influencing internal stakeholders including actuarial, customer service, legal, risk and compliance functions within Royal London, as well as external regulators and other stakeholdersDeliver key performance metrics and enhance the value of existing productsResponsible for overseeing the regular review of pensions propositions ensuring all outcomes are in line with customer promises, expectations and terms and conditions and with regulatory requirementsSkills, qualifications and experience: Experience in managing Pensions productsStrong understanding of Pensions regulatory and legislative framework including HMRC, FCA (including COBs), tPR, FRC as well as ABI Codes as appropriateExperience in operating governance and controls in line with risk appetite and regulatory requirementsBusiness process design experience and ability to oversee complex change projectsAbility to increase efficiency and effectiveness of existing processes, setting realistic but stretching targetsNoneRoyal London is an equal opportunities employer. We work hard to attract the best talent for our award-winning team. We believe that embracing difference makes us stronger. Our diverse people bring us different skills - whatever their educational background, disability, gender, age, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief. We will consider flexible working arrangements for all our roles. We also welcome applications from individuals who have taken an extended career break.To apply, please use the 'Apply Online' link below.For any further queries regarding the role, please contact Doug Gear on (see below) "	"Wilmslow, Cheshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£53803 - £80704 per annum"	"Resource Management"	"Resource Management ltd"	"JS-R02968"	"03/12/2018 08:55:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLlP"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst"	"£45,000 - £65,000 GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - £45,000 - £65,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Analyst (West London/Guildford) - £45,000 - £65,000Our client, a well-regarded insurance business is looking to hire an Actuarial Analyst to join their Pricing team. The candidate is envisaged to ideally have Pricing experience, but any specialism will be considered for the best candidates. This is a great opportunity to work alongside a Head of Pricing, a well-known industry professional. Study support provided.The focus of the successful candidate will be: - Project pricing across acquisitions, renewals and offers. - Research and proposal of alternative rating structures for technical and commercial advantage. - Creating a toolbox of analytical and actuarial techniques to provide predictions of the current and future performance. - Translating actuarial analysis to the non-specialists in the wider business. - Support for insurance data design and validation. - Working closely with Actuaries, Underwriters and data scientists. - Portfolio Pricing analysis and rating tool development. - Legal, governance and regulatory compliance when required. - Support the maintenance and growth of the current Pricing models.What our client is looking for: - Part qualified or working towards the qualification. - Excellent numerical academic record to at least a degree level. - Knowledge of GLMs, Price optimisation, stochastic simulation or similar specialist insurance software. - SQL, SAS, R, Python, VBA, VB.NET or C# would be very useful. - Strong analytical skills. - Excellent communication skills. - Pricing model experience (non-essential) but this would make you a strong applicant. - An Insurance/Finance/Energy/Telco. - Personal lines experience would make you a strong applicant. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£45,000 - £65,000 GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_85102/592938909"	"01/12/2018 14:32:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5AQ"	NA	NA
"Actuary - Financial Risk"	"£68,750 - £71,530 per annum"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Actuary - Financial Risk"	"Croydon - £68,750 - £71,530 per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Actuary - Financial Risk £68,750 - £71,530 per annum Croydon Our client is looking for a Qualified Actuary to join their team on a permanent basis. The Actuary will support the provision of actuarial advice to PPF's Board by carrying out a range of actuarial, quantitative finance or modelling processes. Typical responsibilities include calculating results from their actuarial models, drafting appropriate technical responses using suitable methodology to recommend to senior stakeholders and implementing process changes and improvements. You will need to demonstrate a strong numerical and analytical skill set within the insurance or pensions industry, and be used to dealing with risk modelling in Excel. They expect you to be a strong-team player that is able to manage conflicting priorities to tight deadlines. This role gives you the opportunity for you learn to new skills in a fast-paced financial services environment. Sound like you? Apply now. Now is a really exciting time for them. They've got big plans for 2019, and beyond, and they'd love you to join them. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of the community. No agencies please. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£68,750 - £71,530 per annum"	"Networx"	"claire Smith"	"JSNTXBE369776/592611091"	"01/12/2018 11:07:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkzw6"	NA	NA
"Actuary - Financial Risk"	"£68,750 - £71,530 per annum GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Actuary - Financial Risk"	"Croydon - £68,750 - £71,530 per annum GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Actuary - Financial Risk £68,750 - £71,530 per annum Croydon Our client is looking for a Qualified Actuary to join their team on a permanent basis. The Actuary will support the provision of actuarial advice to PPF's Board by carrying out a range of actuarial, quantitative finance or modelling processes. Typical responsibilities include calculating results from their actuarial models, drafting appropriate technical responses using suitable methodology to recommend to senior stakeholders and implementing process changes and improvements. You will need to demonstrate a strong numerical and analytical skill set within the insurance or pensions industry, and be used to dealing with risk modelling in Excel. They expect you to be a strong-team player that is able to manage conflicting priorities to tight deadlines. This role gives you the opportunity for you learn to new skills in a fast-paced financial services environment. Sound like you? Apply now. Now is a really exciting time for them. They've got big plans for 2019, and beyond, and they'd love you to join them. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of the community. No agencies please."	"Croydon, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£68,750 - £71,530 per annum GBP"	"Networx"	"claire smith"	"JSNTXYB363713/571319047"	"28/11/2018 09:44:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWP1"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst sought for one of the UK's largest General Insurers. This is a rare and exciting opportunity to join a highly respected Pricing team. The Actuarial Pricing Analyst will be working directly with one of the departments Senior Pricing Managers to help incorporate the costs of business into insurance premiums (prices). Our client is also open to recruiting an ambitious Pensions, Life or Investment Actuary who is looking to make the transition to General Insurance.Some of the key responsibilities for the Actuarial Pricing Analyst include:Incorporating the costs of business and future claims into the pricing process.Creation and delivery of rating models with high integrity and accuracy.Monitor and develop strategies to respond to external changes such as those to legislation (Ogden rate change, PPOs etc.) that may impact premiums.Develop and maintain close working relationships with other departments in the business, such as Finance, Marketing, Sales, Actuarial (Reserving & Capital).Essential experience:Prior experience in an Actuarial or Pricing role.Ability to manipulate, analyse and report on the reliability of various sources of data.Ability to deal with a variety of technical and non-technical stakeholders.Excellent communication skills (report writing, presenting and negotiating with stakeholders).Desirable experience:General Insurance experience (Actuarial Pensions, Life and Investment experience is also considered).Experience of building and implementing Pricing (or other) models.Actuarial student or Nearly/Newly Qualified (or equivalent).1st or 2:1 in a highly numerate subject (or equivalent).Benefits:25 Days Holiday20% Bonus10% PensionFlex timeStudy support (if required)Gym membershipFitness lunch classesFor further information, please apply below with your CV Sellick Partnership is a market-leading professional services recruitment specialist operating across the UK. Over the years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers and our expert team of consultants boast up-to-date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you. Sellick Partnership is proud to be an equal opportunities employer. Please note our advertisements use years' experience and salary levels purely as a guide. We are happy to consider applications from all candidates who are able to demonstrate the skills necessary to fulfil the role. "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Sellick Partnership Limited"	"Sellick Partnership Limited"	"JS7286_82713/592938859"	"01/12/2018 14:26:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk41V"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Actuarial Reserving Manager London  Who we are: QBE's European Operations, which accounts for over 27% of QBE Group turnover, is a leading specialist in London market and European commercial lines business. Active in both the Lloyd's and company market, QBE offers considerable diversity to the broking community. We are a socially responsible company and give our customers the ability to invest a portion of their premiums in environmentally and socially beneficial projects. The Opportunity:  As an Actuarial Reserving Manager you would directly support the Head of Reserving as a manager for one of the four main reserving teams within QBE European Operations (EO). Additional responsibilities would include key relationship management with functions such as Finance, Group or Claims. Actuarial Reserving Managers work closely with the Head of Reserving to develop and execute the team vision and strategy each year making this role a great opportunity to influence and contribute to team goals. They also partner with the underwriting department to provide crucial insight into the business. Your responsibilities for this role may include, but are not limited to: Annual delivery of reserving results Building and maintaining strong relationships with key stakeholders Communication of results, key issues, sensitivities and uncertainties Delivery of post reserving processes feeding into HY and YE results Reserving & UW variability parameterisation in conjunction with capital team Analysing and communicating trends Delivery of regular actual vs expected analysis Ad hoc deep dive analysis on key portfolios of interest Manage a team of 2 to 3 analysts A close collaboration with the reserving manager for the insurance activity of QBE Europe You will need to be able to display you have the following qualifications and experience: Strong focus on executing plans and delivering results Effective communication skills Pro-active approach and keen to take ownership of work Willingness to collaborate and work in a team Experience of managing a cross border team Ideally Qualified Actuary  Strong technical background in reserving and reinsurance Strong knowledge of accounting, including Belgian GAAP, and tax law. Strong planning and time management of both own and direct team's work We view our people as our most precious asset. We understand the importance of fostering a work environment that is responsive to the changing needs of today's workforce. QBE aims to build a workplace that is fair and inclusive because we want to attract and retain the best people to do the job.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"QBE"	"QBE"	"JS7286_83899/592938925"	"02/12/2018 15:11:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLm"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Life Advisor"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Life Advisor"	"Edinburgh - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial, together with a leading global consultancy, is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to assist in the delivery of a wide range of client engagements, providing technical input to a number of projects.With strong Excel and VBA skills, the successful candidate will possess a detailed knowledge of UK reporting methodologies, eg UK GAAP, IFRS, FSA Returns.You will also have knowledge of Economic Capital and experience of modelling capital projects, alongside knowledge of Market Consistent Embedded Value techniques.Modelling skills (eg Prophet, MoSes, VBA) are essential.An excellent opportunity to develop your career in a client-facing role within a genuine market-leader."	"Edinburgh, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR3877/593978571"	"03/12/2018 18:14:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSmO"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"I'm recruiting 2 Actuarial Analysts to support the ERM team of a Lloyd's Syndicate within the London Market. The primary focus of the role is to support the Enterprise Risk Management team in the operation, development and maintenance of the internal model, including statutory and regulatory requirements. This includes running, parameterising and reporting of the internal model. To assist in embedding the internal model within the business and ensure that the processes and procedures around the model are compliant with the tests and standards of Solvency II, PRA and Lloyd's.  In addition, the role includes providing technical support to the broader objectives of the Actuarial and Risk Functions in areas such as reporting, risk, reserving and pricing. If you have 1-4 years experience with Regulatory Reporting, Compliance, Model Development and Data Manipulation, please apply within. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"JS7286_83935/592938922"	"01/12/2018 14:16:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4kJ"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"London based insurers are seeking an Actuarial Analyst to join their actuarial function.  Responsibilities include to work closely with the relevant underwriting teams and support other group functions in respect of the provision of actuarial pricing and business planning activities, reserving, insurance risk and other actuarial related activity as required. In addition you will focus on integration of rating models, support, understanding and full engagement assisting with the development of models across different products whilst supporting/advising the wider team. The ideal candidate will have excellent academics with a 1st Class degree or 2:1 and good overall educational passes at GCSE and A-Level (or equivalent). Beneficial to have good IT skills, in particular an advanced level of MS Excel and VBA. If you are interested in this role please apply below or contact me for more information.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85187/594974289"	"03/12/2018 15:12:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXi"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to join a leading firm where you will play a key role in supporting the design, establishment and embedding of a strong capital management and reporting framework.With strong verbal communication and interpersonal skills, the successful candidate will great problem-solving skills with a creative mind and desire to drive change and innovate.Generous actuarial study package on offer.Contact us now for more information regarding this exciting career-development opportunity."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5018/593978707"	"03/12/2018 14:14:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPxU"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Non-life Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to join a leading firm where you will play a key role in supporting the design, establishment and embedding of a strong capital management and reporting framework. With strong verbal communication and interpersonal skills, the successful candidate will great problem-solving skills with a creative mind and desire to drive change and innovate. Generous actuarial study package on offer."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82733/592938852"	"02/12/2018 15:11:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLg"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A highly successful Sussex based insurer is currently looking to add an Actuarial Analyst to their team. This position will be very diverse - focusing on pricing, reserving and capital modelling and would be an excellent opportunity for the successful candidate to develop their career and build a well-rounded base of experience.The ideal candidate will have some prior GI experience in one of the three disciplines and a strong academic background, being educated to at least degree level. A competitive salary is on offer for this position and can be discussed upon application.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"Sussex, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82643/592939068"	"01/12/2018 14:32:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5BX"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - Life"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Life"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to contribute to actuarial and risk work, contributing to delivery of experience analyses, IFRS reporting, local statutory reporting, economic capital calculations, pricing, model governance and project work. You will also continually reassess the operational risks associated with the role and inherent in the business, taking account of changing economic or market conditions, legal and regulatory requirements, operating procedures and practices, management restructurings, and the impact of new technology. Ability to speak French or Spanish would be an advantage, as would knowledge of Excel, VBA, SAS and/or Prophet. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Sarah O'Brien Senior Consultant M: (0) E:  "	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82667/592938745"	"03/12/2018 17:55:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSbt"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Graduate"	"26k Annual GBP"	"Norwich, Norfolk"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Graduate"	"Norwich, Norfolk - 26k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Are you a strategic thinker that loves to tackle problems? Do you have a passion for maths? Do you want to work for the UK largest insurer, who will support you to gain further qualifications? If so, why not follow in the footsteps of our previous Actuarial Graduate Scheme Trainees and your hard work could see..... click apply for full job details "	"Norwich, Norfolk, UK"	"Other"	NA	"26k Annual GBP"	"Aviva plc"	"Recruitment Team"	"JSR-73689/592931014"	"03/12/2018 17:21:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSBW"	NA	"Graduate"
"Actuarial Analyst - Change"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Change"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Based in Bristol, this Actuarial Change Analyst role is aimed at student actuaries who are progressing well in their exams with 1 - 3 years experience working in a Life Insurance business. The main duties of the role include: Working across a portfolio of products in Protection, Annuities and InvestmentsBeing integral in running reports, checking for sensible outcomes and employing changes necessary to improve resultsLiaising across the actuarial team to identify areas of improvement in the reporting processHelping the business through ongoing change This role offers great opportunities, not only by being sat at the heart of a global Life Insurer but also through progression. You will have a strong team of mentors to support you and help realise your potential. You will also be in the rotation programme allowing you to move internally across the wider actuarial team. In order to be considered, you will have sound understanding of Life Insurance products and regulation as well as being a strong communicator."	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82263/592938949"	"01/12/2018 14:26:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk418"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A reputable insurer is looking for an actuarial pricing analyst to join their pricing division.Responsibilities of the role include developing rating models, pricing individual accounts and monitoring performance of the portfolios.The role will require good interpersonal skills due to the need to regularly converse with senior underwriters and business unit leaders.Candidates are preferred to have at least 2 years' experience in a General Insurance actuarial role, to be a student member of the Casualty Actuarial Society or an equivalent body, with proven excellent performance in actuarial exams, mathematics or a related discipline. Pricing experience is preferred but not essential.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82604/592939001"	"01/12/2018 14:32:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5Ak"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Manager - Consultancy"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Manager - Consultancy"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A renowned consultancy firm are seeking an Actuarial Manager to join and lead their actuarial function. The role will have coverage over reserving, capital modelling and Solvency II.Responsibilities within this role include the reporting and delivery of projects, taking ownership of at least one major work-stream. The role will require the candidate to have great interpersonal skills, and effect communication and coaching skills, presenting to senor clients and mentoring junior staff.The ideal candidate will be newly qualified, with a degree-level qualification, having experience within reserving in the GI industry. Solvency II experience is preferred.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82469/592938790"	"01/12/2018 14:17:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4m3"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - Reserving."	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Reserving."	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A Lloyd's Syndicate are looking for an Actuarial Analyst to join their Reserving team and report directly into the Head of Reserving. This role is extremely front facing and you will be involved in the full reserving process. You will need to have experience of using Excel or ResQ and have completed at least yours CT exams. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"IPS Group"	"IPS Group"	"JS7286_82357/592939011"	"01/12/2018 14:17:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4mc"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Assistant Manager"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Assistant Manager"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Major insurance group is seeking a part-qualified or qualified actuary to perform calculations for policies and check calculations and build models in Excel or Access. In this excellent career-development opportunity, you will determine approaches to non-standard cases, write calculations specifications, test IT models and handle queries relating to the use of the models. You'll have advanced Microsoft Excel skills with the ability to manage and prioritise work commitments, good interpersonal and people management skills alongside excellent communication skills. Pensions and life assurance product knowledge preferred but not essential.  "	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82307/592938892"	"01/12/2018 14:10:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4Zp"	NA	NA
"Actuary Apprentice Manager"	"GBP"	"Abingdon, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Actuary Apprentice Manager"	"Abingdon, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"You will provide coaching and support to our Level 7 actuary apprentices and liaise with their employer to ensure they complete the requirements of their apprenticeship on time. You will conduct regular progress reviews with the apprentices, assess their work-based evidence and assist the Director of Actuarial Apprenticeships in the running of the actuarial apprenticeships programmes, including monitoring and reporting within BPP. Initially, you will help design and implement the apprentice support programme. A good awareness and understanding of the work of an actuarial student is required. You will be at least an Associate member of the IFoA. We will consider both Full time and part time applicants. Closing date: 21 Dec. "	"Abingdon, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"BPP Actuarial Education"	"BPP Actuarial Education"	"JS7286_85068/592939096"	"01/12/2018 14:13:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4gD"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Specialist - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Specialist - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified or qualified life actuary to join its group function where you will support financial reporting of Solvency II whilst leading on the consolidation and reporting of the annual Group Standard Formula exercise, including comparison to Internal Model equivalents. In this key role, you will manage the delivery of timely and accurate financial results across an agreed range of financial metrics (eg Coverage Ratios, Operational Surplus Generation, Net Surplus generation, New Business Strain). You will also provide analysis and comparisons of Group forecast to actual Solvency II position at each quarter end for senior management. In addition, you will support the consolidation of, and the reporting of, risk capital results including elements relating to calculation, analysis, validation and documentation.  With a detailed understanding of SII principles, the successful candidate will also possess knowledge of IFRS reporting alongside a detailed understanding of financial and insurance risk management, including a practical knowledge of the drivers of risk capital. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85203/594974285"	"03/12/2018 15:19:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQb8"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Non-life Advisor"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Non-life Advisor"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading global consultancy, is seeking a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary to assist the client engagement team on a number of core propositions including reserving; capital; and pricing projects.Providing technical input to a number of projects, you will support senior management efforts to cultivate and maintain target client relationships, including assisting with proposals and the development of sales materials.You will also support other aspects of the team's work including sales and marketing, research and development of new services, and knowledge management. Experience in reserving is a key requirement for this role, as well as experience in pricing and capital. You will also possess knowledge of Solvency II pillars, particularly the quantitative requirements.In additoon, you will have Lloyd's market experience alongside experience of economic capital modelling and UK reporting methodologies, eg UK GAAP, IFRS, PRA Returns.Contact us now for more information on this excellent career-development opportunity within a market-leader."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4406/593978591"	"03/12/2018 15:12:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXM"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst/Data Management"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst/Data Management"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Unique opportunity for an actuarial student or data analyst/programmer to join a reinsurance business. Working alongside the head of Actuarial you will have an aptitude for programming and coding in VBA/SQL and ideally experience of handling large data sets. Solid experience of data management and analysis and building models and experience of Tyche would be a bonus. An understanding of the drivers within Natural Catastrophe models would be advantageous. Strong communication skills are also essential as you will be liaising with members directly.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_82698/592938734"	"01/12/2018 14:32:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5Aq"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - City"	"GBP"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - City"	"City of London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"My client, a financial services company based in the City, are seeking to appoint an actuarial analyst/senior actuarial analyst to their expanding team.This is a fantastic opportunity to work across a wide variety of areas including reporting, pricing, risk and systems. Ideal candidates will have experience with prophet including implementing model improvements and Solvency II reporting."	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82402/592938941"	"01/12/2018 14:32:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5Aa"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Market-leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary with reserving experience to be responsible for providing technical support (reserving, capital modelling and performance monitoring) in respect of insurance risk for its commercial non-motor business. With excellent communication skills, the successful candidate will possess strong IT skills, preferably including experience of VBA and ResQ or similar. An excellent career-development opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82873/592938380"	"02/12/2018 07:16:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCfE"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Market-leading specialty insurance group seeks a part-qualified GI actuary with personal lines pricing experience to set and monitor rates for Pet Insurance and other lines of business, taking responsibility for the maintenance and development of the Pet risk and lifetime value models. An independent thinker and good communicator, the successful candidate will possess a good working knowledge of Microsoft Access, Excel and VBA, alongside Emblem. Experience using SQL, R/Python or similar (alongside ResQ) would be beneficial. An excellent career-development opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82630/592938937"	"02/12/2018 15:11:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLq"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Reserving Specialist - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Specialist - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Are you a part-qualified or qualified actuary with detailed GI experience (eg reserving, regulatory reporting, Solvency II)? Do you relish the opportunity to develop your career within a global insurer? Then look no further. This is a fantastic career development role offering you the opportunity to work closely with the UK Reserving teams - Personal, Municipal, Commercial and Legacy - to understand and report their results, identify trends and bring insights to the senior colleagues within the wider business. You'll also liaise with other areas of the business, including Finance, Underwriting, Pricing and Capital, to develop a broad understanding of the business and promote process changes that will result in real difference. Excellent team-working, communication and interpersonal skills are essential. Contact us now for more information regarding this exciting position within a market-leading firm. Adam Goodwin, Associate Director M: (0) L: uk.linkedin.com/in/adamgoodwin E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85211/594974255"	"03/12/2018 14:09:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPth"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities:  Annual delivery of reserving results Building and maintaining strong relationships with key stakeholders Communication of results, key issues, sensitivities and uncertainties Delivery of post reserving processes feeding into HY and YE results Reserving & UW variability parameterisation in conjunction with capital team Analysing and communicating trends Delivery of regular actual vs expected analysis Ad hoc deep dive analysis on key portfolios of interest Manage a team of 2 to 3 analysts A close collaboration with the reserving manager for the insurance activity of the company Qualifications/Experience: Ideally Qualified Actuary Experience of managing a cross border team Strong technical background in reserving and reinsurance Strong knowledge of accounting, including Belgian GAAP, and tax law Strong planning and time management of both own and direct team's work "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_85136/592938820"	"01/12/2018 14:14:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4g7"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Reserving Support - Non-life"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reserving Support - Non-life"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading general insurer, hs an exciting opportunityy for a part-qualified actuary with GI reserving experience for both personal and commercial lines of business to provide support through quarterly reserving analyses and ad hoc investigations. Providing technical insight into the impact of internal and external changes on actuarial claims development patterns, you will lead the design, build and checking of processes to enrich the claims data used in the GI reserving process. You will also recommend and apply improvements to current practices based on an understanding of market best practice. In addition, you will support the GI Reserving Actuary with influencing internal stakeholders and delivering new strategies for reserving. Strong analytical skills are a must, including the ability to solve complex reserving problems using analytical and statistical methods. Knowledge of the latest industry developments in GI Reserving techniques and the claims environment also essential. "	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82578/592938774"	"01/12/2018 14:29:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk46a"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - Bulk Annuity Insurer"	"GBP"	"Hove, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Bulk Annuity Insurer"	"Hove, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"FRG are searching for a part qualified actuary to join a leading Life Insurer. The ideal candidate will be making good progress in their actuarial exams, have previous experience working with Excel, With-Profits and some knowledge of Life products. They will also accept applications from excellent Pensions candidates. Desirable skills: VBA, SAS, Prophet and modelling. They are also open to looking at applicants who have stopped taking the IFoA exams but are qualified by experience. Salary, bonus and benefits are very appealing and study support is offered. If you would like to find out more information, please apply now. "	"Hove, Sussex, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_82822/592939111"	"01/12/2018 14:16:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4k5"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Reporting Analyst - Life Reinsurance"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Reporting Analyst - Life Reinsurance"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to contribute to the delivery of Solvency II results to meet quarterly and annual deadlines whilst assisting with the consolidation of SII results, review of balance sheet and other reporting items, ensuring suitable control and review. With good knowledge of MS Office and Life Insurance Products, the successful candidate will be a creative and analytical thinker.  "	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85036/592938979"	"02/12/2018 07:16:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCfN"	NA	NA
"Actuarial and Data Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial and Data Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A Multi-National Insurer are looking for an Actuarial Analyst to work within their Reserving team and also assist with Data Analysis. They ideally looking for a part qualified Actuary who has had experience of Commercial Lines Reserving, but then you will need to have had exposure of using programming languages such as VBA or SQL. If this role is of interest then please apply now."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"IPS Group"	"IPS Group"	"JS7286_82359/592939039"	"01/12/2018 14:16:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4kZ"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - Mixed Role"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - Mixed Role"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading Lloyd's insurer requires junior analyst to join their actuarial team in an exciting and varied role.  The position will report directly in to a senior actuary and involve elements of actuarial pricing and business planning as well as reserving and insurance risk.You will be working closely with underwriters and gaining exposure to the wider insurance business. You will need to have excellent communication skills, an ambitious nature and a consistently impressive academic record including a top class degree in a numerate subject. You will be making good progress with the actuarial exams and have experience within general insurance.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85198/594974242"	"03/12/2018 14:12:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPvU"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Assistant - Financial Reporting (Life)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Assistant - Financial Reporting (Life)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"If you are a part-qualified life actuary with a passion for financial reporting and seeking to develop their career within a leading global reinsurer, then this is the perfect role for you offering excellent career-development prospects. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83912/592939060"	"01/12/2018 14:27:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk424"	NA	NA
"Retrocession Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"£45,000 - £50,000 GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Retrocession Actuarial Pricing Analyst"	"London - £45,000 - £50,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Retrocession Actuarial Pricing Analyst Location: City of London Sector: General Insurance Reporting to: Specialty Pricing Actuary Contract Type: Permanent Hours: Full Time Salary: £45,000 - £50,000 basic P/A  Further Information Our Client, a leading multinational Broker, is searching for a bright, personable and self-assured actuarial analyst to join their Retrocession pricing team. The structure of the team: 15-20 brokers with an Embedded actuarial function.Lead Retro Pricing ActuarySenior Retro Pricing ActuaryThis role (Retro Pricing Analyst)Benefits of working in Retro: - Being reinsurance of reinsurers, you would work and be exposed to hundreds of clients around the globe: All multinational reinsurers, Lloyd's syndicates and London Market reinsurers. - Retro covers every line of business therefore offers exposure all around the business. - Value add factor: In Retro, unlike other areas, the Brokers wont do/change/approve anything so wont go to market without actuarial input due to it all being account of catastrophe risk - your input makes a clear-cut difference to the business of the team. - Specialty lines reinsurance, particularly Retro, at a Global broker is an excellent stamp to have on your CV and enables unmatched career progression. Key Responsibilities: - Reinsurance pricing and analysis, through data collection and analysis, model build and testing, report writing, documentation and delivery. - Presenting analysis and reinsurance advice to clients. - Working collaboratively in a team environment with colleagues and client stakeholders. - Communicating in a collaborative and client focused manner.Key Traits of candidates: - This is a client-facing role so the successful candidate will be confident, act with integrity and self-assurance. - Speak with conviction to clients and brokers.Skills & Experience: - 2-3 years Actuarial experience (GI pricing preferred but not essential if strong communicator) - 2:1 or above in a numerate subject - Strong A-level results - Knowledge of Excel & VBA - Knowledge of Catastrophe Modelling a plus but not essential - Excellent communication/interpersonal skillsAlso Offers: - Study package is 40 days leave, cover for exams, tutorials and material - must meet requirements of scheme though which is passing so many each year, etc. - Above market bonuses. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£45,000 - £50,000 GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82328/592938942"	"01/12/2018 14:30:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk47E"	NA	NA
"Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"Up to £80,000 GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"London - Up to £80,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Reserving Actuary - Lloyd's SyndicateUp to £80,000 + Bonus + BenefitsA top-tier Lloyd's Syndicate is looking to hire a Qualified Actuary to focus on reserving, business planning an SII Technical Provisions. You will report directly into the Group Head of Reserving and manage a small team.Previous reserving experience is essential to the role although this does not need to be London Market. Ideally you'll be qualified however candidates with relevant experience are also encouraged to apply.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"Up to £80,000 GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82775/592938721"	"01/12/2018 14:33:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5Br"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst - DB Pension to Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst - DB Pension to Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"I am conducting a search for an Actuarial Analyst for a leading UK Life Insurance firm in Central London. This role sits within the Retirement part of the business, this area is growing exponentially and it is their main profit centre. The successful candidate will be a dynamic and analytical part qualified actuary with a relevant experience in DB Pension who would like to step into the flourishing London Insurance market. You will ideally have passed your CT exams and have 1 - 2 years experience in pension consultancy. You will be a strong communicator with good relationship building skills as you will deal with different teams across the business. You will support the Business Support Team, covering complex issues as calculating collateral amounts and implementing trivial communications. The role is project based and there is a lot of variety and it's the perfect springboard for a driven individual with ambitious goals. This is an exceptional career move that would offer a competitive package with an annual bonus and study support."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_85013/592938835"	"01/12/2018 14:32:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5AD"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Life in the South West"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Life in the South West"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is looking to hire an ambitious actuarial candidate to join their growing team and well-respected business, in a highly commercial role with a product and propositions focus.The team offers wide-ranging roles with genuine breadth and excellent prospects, requiring an analytical mind and strong communication skills.You will have a solid academic record, and will be making progress through the actuarial exams, or have qualified as an actuary.Contact us now for more on this exciting long-term career opportunity, which offers exposure to senior stakeholders at all levels."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5283/593978908"	"03/12/2018 17:20:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAg"	NA	NA
"Non-life Actuarial Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Actuarial Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified non-life actuary with strong experience in reserving and other actuarial functions? Do you have a passion for actuarial transformation? Would you relish the opportunity to take up a leadership role within a major global consultancy? Then look no further. This is a fantastic opportunity to play a leading role in helping clients adapt their finance and actuarial functions to new technologies, new regulations and cost pressures.  You will lead actuarial elements of the largest clients' finance and actuarial transformation programmes, including implementation of IFRS 17, and develop new propositions to take to clients. The successful candidate will possess significant experience of leading change in finance or actuarial functions, alongside strong and effective stakeholder management experience. An excellent role that offers the opportunity to apply your skills in projects reaching beyond traditional actuarial boundaries within a market-leader. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85252/594974286"	"03/12/2018 15:09:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQVY"	NA	NA
"GI Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"England"	"Permanent"	"GI Actuarial Analyst"	"England - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to provide support for the assessment of claims reserves required for the current and prior accident years and to support the estimation and planning for future accident years' loss ratios. Considering claims, pricing, underwriting and market developments across the sector, you will assess how these influence performance and claims development patterns. In addition, you will provide actuarial analysis to support the assessment of the capital requirement in respect of claims risks to support the delivery of the internal capital model. IT skills are essential and experience of using SAS and/or VBA in a data analytics role would be ideal.  "	"England, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85058/592938977"	"01/12/2018 14:32:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5BC"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Consultants/Managers - Life"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Consultants/Managers - Life"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial, together with a leading global consultancy, is representing a number of exciting opportunities for part-qualified and qualified life actuaries to create innovative commercial insights for clients and contribute to thought leadership. With strong problem solving and communication skills, the successful candidates will also possess project management experience. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82864/592938839"	"01/12/2018 14:17:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4nR"	NA	NA
"Life Actuarial Consultancy"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Actuarial Consultancy"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified life actuary with strong project and people management skills? Do you relish the opportunity to lead client engagement teams within an international consultancy? Then this is the role for you. In this key role, you will have the opportunity to support a range of projects, for example, IFRS17 implementation, finance transformation, and much more. A natural leader with prior consulting experience, the ideal person will have a track record of delivery with strong technical and communication skills and the ability to deal effectively with clients and colleagues. An excellent opportunity to develop your career with a market leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85059/592938827"	"01/12/2018 14:10:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4aF"	NA	NA
"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified life actuary with project management experience to propose appropriate pricing assumptions and oversee the production of reinsurance premium rates.Managing the process of compiling a tender response for specific quotes, you will ensure that risks taken by our client are fully understood, appropriately priced and carefully documented.You will also respond to ad-hoc client pricing queries and formulate reinsurance solutions tailored to their specific needs.In addition, you will take ownership of allocated projects, including testing new pricing assumptions, adding new features to pricing models and analysing claims experience.The successful candidate will possess strong IT skills with a good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package.The ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage.A fantastic opportunity to develop your career within a leading-edge firm."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4900/593978672"	"03/12/2018 15:12:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXd"	NA	NA
"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified life actuary with project management experience to propose appropriate pricing assumptions and oversee the production of reinsurance premium rates. Managing the process of compiling a tender response for specific quotes, you will ensure that risks taken by our client are fully understood, appropriately priced and carefully documented. You will also respond to ad-hoc client pricing queries and formulate reinsurance solutions tailored to their specific needs. In addition, you will take ownership of allocated projects, including testing new pricing assumptions, adding new features to pricing models and analysing claims experience. The successful candidate will possess strong IT skills with a good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package. The ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. A fantastic opportunity to develop your career within a leading-edge firm."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82314/592938962"	"01/12/2018 14:31:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk49Y"	NA	NA
"Non-life Actuarial Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Actuarial Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary to join a leading independent consultancy. An excellent team-player with the ability to communicate complex actuarial concepts to experts and non-experts, the successful candidate will also be comfortable working closely with a wide range of internal and external stakeholders. Programming skills in R or Python would be a distinct advantage. Contact us now for more information on this fantastic career opportunity. Satpal Johri | Associate Director M: (0) E:  W:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85210/594974281"	"03/12/2018 14:07:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPsQ"	NA	NA
"Risk Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Risk Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading reinsurer seeks qualified life actuary with demonstrable experience of working in a risk management role to develop, monitor and maintain the local Risk Management Framework whilst supporting the development and delivery of strategic plans for the Risk Management Function. In this diverse and highly visible role, you will also support the independent validation of the Corporate Actuarial models, reviewing the calibration of the local Internal Model and producing a calibration report. The successful candidate will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and will be able to take the lead and act as a role model in achieving shared deliverables. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Satpal Johri | Associate Director M: (0) E:  W:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82242/592938900"	"03/12/2018 15:19:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQcR"	NA	NA
"Capital Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Capital Actuary - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with a good working knowledge of capital modelling concepts to assist with the delivery of regulatory capital requirements at Group and solo entity levels for reporting purposes using standard formula.In this excellent career-development opportunity, you will assist with the production of the risk and capital analysis to help key decisions across the organisation eg business planning, reinsurance strategy and dividends.You will also assist the build and continued improvement of the internal model in readiness for IMAP including deonstrating an understanding of the origins and reasonableness of the data used and parameterisation of the inputs.In addition, you will perform testing on model outputs to ensure appropriateness of model calibration alongside stress and sensitivity testing whilst producing Model documentation.You will be an experienced user of General Insurance capital modelling software (eg Igloo, Remetrica).Contact us now for more information."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5077/593978728"	"03/12/2018 15:18:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbd"	NA	NA
"Student Actuary - Surrey"	"GBP"	"Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Student Actuary - Surrey"	"Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"If you are studying towards your actuarial exams and considering a move to Surrey, you may be interested in this opportunity within a global Life Insurer. This job will challenge and promises to develop and widen your skills across reporting, risk, internal modelling and capital management. As well as full study support, you will benefit from the longer term opportunities which come with a growing business. In order to be considered, you will have:Strong technical knowledge of the Life Insurance industry and Life Insurance productsMinimum of 3 - 4 years' experience working across either; Reporting, Capital Management, Risk or ModellingSound understanding of industry regulatory frameworksExcellent communication skills and commercial acumenIf you're ready for that next challenge and want to find out more, get in touch on or call me on . Excellent benefits and competitive salary on offer. "	"Surrey, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82264/592938486"	"03/12/2018 14:17:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPys"	NA	NA
"Capital Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Capital Actuary - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with a good working knowledge of capital modelling concepts to assist with the delivery of regulatory capital requirements at Group and solo entity levels for reporting purposes using standard formula. In this excellent career-development opportunity, you will assist with the production of the risk and capital analysis to help key decisions across the organisation eg business planning, reinsurance strategy and dividends. You will also assist the build and continued improvement of the internal model in readiness for IMAP including deonstrating an understanding of the origins and reasonableness of the data used and parameterisation of the inputs. In addition, you will perform testing on model outputs to ensure appropriateness of model calibration alongside stress and sensitivity testing whilst producing Model documentation. You will be an experienced user of General Insurance capital modelling software (eg Igloo, Remetrica)."	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82341/592939081"	"01/12/2018 14:11:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bD"	NA	NA
"Life Actuary - Technical Specialist"	"GBP"	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Life Actuary - Technical Specialist"	"Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a technically-astute, qualified life actuary to lead regular reviews of material assumptions and methodologies within a leading-edge firm, identifying gaps or constraints, developing solutions and providing expert advice and insights. In this key and highly-visible role, you will provide expert advice on the application of methodology and assumption principles and tools to identify and solve complex problems, delivering accurate and timely recommendations based on complex analysis. With practical experience across a range of Finance specialisms, and deep technical expertise in methodologies & assumptions, the successful candidate will possess experience of disseminating complex quality information to internal and external stakeholders. Detailed knowledge of the latest developments in assumption-setting also essential. "	"Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82587/592938864"	"02/12/2018 07:16:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCf7"	NA	NA
"Reinsurance Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Actuarial Analyst"	"City of London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Reinsurance | Bulk Purchase Annuities | Pricing | LondonAre you a part qualified pensions actuary or pricing analyst with a life insurance background and 1 to 3 years' experience?Due to growth in the bulk annuity market, a client of mine is seeking to appoint an Actuarial Analyst to its Bulk Purchase Annuity division who will be involved in reinsurance tenders, reinsurer relationship management, BPA pricing and deal management.This is a highly commercial role with excellent career prospects. With full study support in this role, I'm looking for:1 to 3 years' actuarial experiencestrong progress through the actuarial examinations (FIA/FFA)ideally experience of cash flow/financial modellinggenuine interest in the bulk annuity marketDo get in touch for a confidential conversation; this is a long-standing client of Oliver James Associates and I'm happy to share a specification and further detail upon request.Manager | Pensions Actuarial & Investment Solutions"	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82501/592938212"	"01/12/2018 14:16:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4lE"	NA	NA
"Reserving Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Currently, working with a London Managing Agency who are looking for an Actuarial Analyst to work within their Reserving team. This role reports directly into the Head of Reserving and you will be working very closely with a number of senior stakeholders.  You will need to have completed at least half of your CT exams and also have at least 1 years worth of General Insurance Actuarial experience. Also, you will be expected to have experience of using SAS, Excel and ResQ.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"IPS Group"	"IPS Group"	"JS7286_82353/592939040"	"01/12/2018 14:31:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk497"	NA	NA
"Capital Actuarial Analyst."	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Actuarial Analyst."	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"I am currently working with a Lloyd's Syndicate who are looking for a Nearly/Newly qualified Capital Actuary to join their highly analytical Capital modelling team. This role will not be Back Office and you will be working closely with the Head of Capital. They would like you to have experience of either Igloo, Remetrica or Tyche."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"IPS Group"	"IPS Group"	"JS7286_82358/592939080"	"01/12/2018 14:26:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk41i"	NA	NA
"Trainee Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A London market insurance business has an opening for a trainee actuary. To be considered, you must be highly numerate with a 1st or 2.1 in a mathematical related subject from a Russell Group University.  The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in the profession and be committed to studying towards the actuarial qualification. Those candidates with the ability to programme in R and/or VBA will have a clear lead. Any work experience will also be advantageous. To be considered, you must have strong communication and organisational skills. You must be eligible to work in the U.K.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_82568/592939031"	"03/12/2018 15:20:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQc3"	NA	NA
"Non-life Actuarial Associate Director"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Actuarial Associate Director"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading consultancy, has an unrivalled opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary to build a personal network from which to generate leads and contributing effectively to developing, launching and exploiting new initiatives and service lines to diversify the business. Taking day-to-day management responsibility for delivery of a portfolio of client assignments, you will ensure client take-on is completed in accordance with risk management procedures. In addition, you will participate in the presentation of conclusions and recommendations to the client and discuss the implications and action points whilst designing and undertaking high-quality analytical work requiring minimal input from directors and partners. An excellent leadership position within a market-leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82233/592939085"	"01/12/2018 14:27:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk42q"	NA	NA
"Graduate Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Actuarial Analyst"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A London Market Insurer is looking for a graduate to join their Actuarial Function, supporting the divisional Actuary as an Actuarial Analyst, working across Pricing, Reserving and Capital.The responsibilities will include developing and analysing the models used by the insurer, creating reports and working alongside the divisional Actuary and the Underwriters in order to efficiently keep models at their optimum.The ideal candidate must be a graduate with 0-12 months experience within the Actuarial Industry, having no more than 3 exceptions from the Actuarial Exams and with proven and consistent excellent examination results.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85193/594974257"	"03/12/2018 14:11:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPuq"	NA	"Graduate"
"Pricing Actuary - Commercial Lines"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Actuary - Commercial Lines"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a large international Commercial insurer who is looking to add a nearly/newly qualified Pricing Actuary to join the central London office. The purpose of the role is to develop pricing methodologies through research and development, and engaging brokers. Key Responsibilities: Development of technical pricing methodologies Performance and Portfolio management Engagement with external brokers to improve rating structures Develop relationships with Underwriters across the European region and finance business partners The ideal candidate will be a nearly qualified Actuary with 3-5 years' experience, preferably in Pricing. Communication skills are essential in this outwards facing role. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82521/592939126"	"02/12/2018 07:46:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDDU"	NA	NA
"Qualified Actuary - Senior Manager "	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Actuary - Senior Manager "	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are looking for a Qualified Actuary to join as Senior Manager in a Big Four consultancy  The opportunity: Highly technical work in client-facing role  Lead business development, building up rapport with clients Provide actuarial support to the junior members of the team Join the team during an exciting period of change with new upcoming projects The individual: Qualified Actuary with GI background Strong communication skills Experience in a client facing role is essential  To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82531/592939125"	"01/12/2018 14:31:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48w"	NA	NA
"Trainee Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A London market insurance business has an opening for a trainee actuary. To be considered, you must be highly numerate with a 1st or 2.1 in a mathematical related subject from a Russell Group University and a minimum AAB at A-level including Mathematics. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in the profession and be committed to studying towards the actuarial qualification. Those candidates with the a strong technical ability and experience programming in R and/or VBA will have a clear lead. Any actuarial/insurance work experience will be advantageous. The successful candidate will have strong communication and organisational skills and be ambitious about an actuarial career in general insurance"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_83888/592939105"	"01/12/2018 14:30:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk47x"	NA	NA
"Senior Pensions Actuary - Insurance"	""	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Pensions Actuary - Insurance"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Senior Actuarial Consultant | Pension Insurance | LondonA long-standing client of mine is seeking to expand its senior management team with the appointment of a pensions actuary who will focus on de-risking strategy, implementation and broking advice to both corporate and Trustee clients.In a wide ranging role, projects in which you will be involved will include buy-ins, solvent and PPF buy-outs, longevity swaps and pensions consolidator transactions of all sizes.The Insurance team is expanding and it's a highly exciting time to join the business at a senior level. Further responsibilities will include building relationships with client teams and insurers, reinsurers and consolidators, seeking new de-risking opportunities, managing a team of reports and playing a lead role in business strategy.I'm looking for a qualified actuary with a strong knowledge of the UK pensions landscape, and ideally experience of leading de-risking projects and client relationships at Board level.Are you interested in a non-traditional role and a career step-up with a prestigious firm of talented actuaries? "	"City, London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82471/592939006"	"01/12/2018 14:10:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4aM"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Life"	"GBP"	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Life"	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"If you are a part-qualified life actuary with a passion for actuarial valuations then this is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK's largest life firms, where you will contribute to the production of monthly solvency valuation, including analysis of movements. Contributing to the production of reports to support solvency valuations, you will also be involved in monthly reinsurance reporting alongside annual experience investigations for demographic assumptions used in valuation. You will also help in the production of balance sheet projections for business planning and strategic planning purposes, whilst assisting with unit-linked business processing, such as unit pricing. With some experience in financial reporting and valuations, the successful candidate will possess knowledge of MoSes (or other software languages). Take this opportunity to develop your career within a market-leader. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf."	"Glasgow, Lanarkshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82431/592938880"	"01/12/2018 14:11:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4cV"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"Bournemouth, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"Bournemouth, Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A leading Insurer is seeking a Senior Actuarial Analyst to join the team in Bournemouth. You will be working in a team which is committed to growing and developing your career.  The role offers variety and diversity and a chance to work within a dynamic and challenging environment. You will also gain significant exposure to the pricing, capital and reinsurance. The main duties of the role include: Regular production of the IFRS Reserves and Solvency II Managing Investments, Profit, Capital and Claims Optimisation Supporting calculation of the key quarterly and annual SII measures Pillar I and III process as well as supporting the ORSA Consolidating and rationalising models across the business The ideal candidate will be part qualified actuary making good progress through the actuarial exams, you will have significant experience in the IFRS Reserves and Solvency II reporting within a UK Life insurer. You will be a self-starter comfortable managing multiple projects with a can-do attitude. Advance SQL and Python or other coding experience is strongly preferred. "	"Bournemouth, Dorset, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82247/592939046"	"02/12/2018 11:06:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZ3"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Trainee - Life"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Trainee - Life"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified life actuary to support a number of workstreams, including are valuation & regulatory reporting, capital & risk management, product development and financial & experience analyses. In this excellent career-development opportunity, you will grow your knowledge in line with the actuarial development programme and to provide training for other actuarial trainees. IT literate and with good communication and interpersonal skills, you will possess the ability to liaise with and lead teams. Talented exam-stoppers will be considered.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82303/592939044"	"01/12/2018 14:30:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48Y"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A leading life insurer is looking to hire a part-qualified student actuary to join their capital management team in London. You can expect to assist with developing, maintaining and rolling out our clients capital allocation framework."	"City, London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82440/592938457"	"01/12/2018 14:17:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4l8"	NA	NA
"Student Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Student Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading life insurer, have a requirement for a student actuary to join their pricing team. Key Responsibilities: Work within the proposition team on product development, pricing and the implementation of new and existing products across a range of product lines. Support the developing of pricing models Support ad-hoc Sales & Marketing work and projects Key Skills and Experience: The ideal candidate will be a part qualified actuary making good progress with their actuarial exams Modelling skills using Excel and other analytical tools Ability to communicate well at all levels, both orally and in writing To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82538/592938940"	"03/12/2018 15:19:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQcL"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Non-life"	""	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Non-life"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Our client has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified GI actuary to gain exposure to a broad range of actuarial workstreams, from pricing and reserving to some general financial modelling work, alongside the production and coordination of management information. In this fantastic career-development opportunity, you will support the quarterly & year-end reserve reviews & valuations using appropriate actuarial methods, including ultimate loss ratio, and run-off triangle techniques. You will also perform necessary reconciliation checks, and report justification of reserving methodology, assumptions & results to the relevant departments. The successful candidate will possess experience in personal or small commercial lines reserving, preferably including expertise in management information, financial close processes, and reserving process management & governance. Experience of product development and operational implementation an advantage. Talented exam-stoppers will be considered.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82331/592939042"	"02/12/2018 07:48:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDEq"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Analyst - Commercial Lines"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to carry out and oversee elements of the quarterly and monthly reserve review exercises whilst conducting regular and ad hoc pricing analyses to support underwriting teams. In this exciting career-development opportunity, you will model, interpret and monitor business data to identify and confirm market trends, niche product opportunities and new/changing rating factors.  In addition, you will provide professional actuarial input in the development and launch of new products. With a good working knowledge of the commercial lines market, the successful candidate will possess a sound understanding of reserving and pricing analysis and principles & experience of a wide range of technical issues. Strong IT skills and in-depth experience of Excel and working knowledge of SAS is essential; dditional IT skills (Python, R) an advantage. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82714/592938856"	"01/12/2018 14:33:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5CZ"	NA	NA
"Interim - Actuarial Reporting Process Improvement - London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Actuarial Reporting Process Improvement - London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in London in the search for a Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary to join them on a 6 month Interim assignment. Assisting with the delivery of the IFRS 17 project  SII and Reporting skills essential IFRS 17 knowledge desired but not essential  To discuss this role, or to explore your career options, please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82796/592938847"	"01/12/2018 14:17:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4mu"	NA	NA
"Part Qualified Actuary (Financial Risk)"	"£41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified Actuary (Financial Risk)"	"Croydon - £41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Part - Qualified Actuary (Financial Risk) £41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress through the actuarial exams Croydon Our client is looking for an Actuary (Part-Qualified) to join their team on a permanent basis. The Actuary will support the provision of actuarial advice to the Board by carrying out or checking a range of actuarial, quantitative finance or modelling processes. Typical responsibilities include calculating results from their actuarial models, drafting appropriate technical responses using suitable methodology and understanding their complex risk framework from a financial and non-financial perspective. It is expected that interested applicants can demonstrate a strong numerical and analytical skill set within the insurance, pension or investment industry, as well as having successfully completed some actuarial exams to-date. You will be given support to take actuarial exams through their competitive study leave package. Additionally, they aim to help you improve your existing skills and provide the opportunity for you to learn new skills in a fast-paced financial services environment.  Now is a really exciting time for them. They've got big plans for 2019, and beyond, and they'd love you to join us. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcome applications from all sections of the community. No agencies please "	"Croydon, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£41,300 - £56,600 per annum, depending on existing progress GBP"	"Networx"	"claire smith"	"JSNTXDB357039/578151252"	"27/11/2018 00:42:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkGHL"	NA	NA
"Commercial Actuary - Life Pricing"	"GBP"	"South West"	"Permanent"	"Commercial Actuary - Life Pricing"	"South West - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major global insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a part-qualified or qualified life actuary with good knowledge of pricing processes, bases and methodology to support pricing and product development across the range of protection and wealth products. This is an exciting opportunity suited to someone with excellent interpersonal skills alongside experience in technical actuarial analysis and model development. Knowledge of risk and capital models under Solvency II, MCEV principles and IFRS will be an additional advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Adam Goodwin, Associate Director M: (0) L: uk.linkedin.com/in/adamgoodwin E:  "	"South West, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85205/594974288"	"03/12/2018 15:19:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQce"	NA	NA
"South Coast Actuarial Life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"South Coast Actuarial Life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Take the next step in your actuarial career and join a nimble and growing business in this role focused on supporting the delivery of key reporting metrics to the business.While being supported with studying for the actuarial qualification, you will also have involvement and input into projects across other areas exciting areas of work.Knowledge and experience of Solvency II and IFRS will be helpful, whilst strong abilities in Excel and Word are a must. Any SQL and coding knowledge would be an advantage.Contact us now for more details on this opportunity."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5107/593978747"	"03/12/2018 15:19:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQcZ"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Audit Manager - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Audit Manager - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified life actuary to deploy a cutting-edge, quarterly, risk-based audit plan, ensuring that the plan focuses audit activity on key areas of most significant business risk.  Monitoring and anticipating regulatory and business change, you will assess the potential impact and instigate exceptional audits as required.  You will also support the ongoing development of audit methodology and approach in respect of model error risk. With detailed knowledge of life and pensions insurance products throughout their life cycle, the successful candidate will possess a demonstrable understanding of risk management principles and practices. Strong leadership, interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills also essential. An excellent career opportunity within a market-leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82628/592939070"	"02/12/2018 07:14:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCc1"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Audit Manager - Life"	"£ excellent + bonus + benefits GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Audit Manager - Life"	"London - £ excellent + bonus + benefits GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified life actuary to deploy a cutting-edge, quarterly, risk-based audit plan, ensuring that the plan focuses audit activity on key areas of most significant business risk.  Monitoring and anticipating regulatory and business change, you will assess the potential impact and instigate exceptional audits as required.  You will also support the ongoing development of audit methodology and approach in respect of model error risk. With detailed knowledge of life and pensions insurance products throughout their life cycle, the successful candidate will possess a demonstrable understanding of risk management principles and practices. Strong leadership, interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills also essential. An excellent career opportunity within a market-leader. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ excellent + bonus + benefits GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197373/592930859"	"02/12/2018 07:14:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCct"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Consultant - GI Reserving"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Consultant - GI Reserving"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major global consultancy has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified GI actuary to join the reserving team in a client-facing role where you will assist in the technical delivery and reporting for projects, taking ownership of at least one major workstream. You will possess experience of independent reserve reviews under different accounting bases for Property and Casualty classes of business with experience of the London and Bermuda market. You will also have experience of reserving process improvement and development work, alongside development or review of Solvency II technical provisions and associated processes. In addition, you will possess knowledge of reserve risk assessment using stochastic techniques alongside development of risk management frameworks under Solvency II. Contact us now for more information on this excellent career development role. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85256/594974252"	"03/12/2018 14:14:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPxY"	NA	NA
"Aon Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance Summer Internship"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Aon Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance Summer Internship"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Few things are certain in life. But you can be sure that a paid Summer Internship with Aon will give you a 100% chance of improving your prospects - as well as some invaluable experience besides.We are a professional services organisation of incredible scope and scale. We help the biggest names in business plan for every eventuality - we're the world's #1 insurance broker, the #1 provider of reinsurance, the #1 provider of investment consulting and the #1 provider of human capital consulting.Aon's Actuarial & Analytics (A&A) team provides tailored consulting solutions to clients across the insurance and banking industries. Our clients include multinational corporations, banks, captive insurers, and insurance and reinsurance companies in the UK, Europe and across the world. The A&A team works with the wider Aon network of brokers, captive managers and enterprise risk management professionals to provide a broad range of products and services to Aon's diverse client base.We utilise our broad skill set and market experience to help our clients implement effective risk management approaches to operate efficiently in the increasingly sophisticated and dynamic global market.The roleThe team in London consists of around 20 consultants, with many of them starting in the team as graduates. The team comes from a range of diverse backgrounds, including areas such as mathematics, engineering, physics, banking and actuarial science, from universities both in the UK and abroad.You will work in small project teams to deliver a wide range of actuarial and analytical solutions to Aon's global client base; quickly gaining the knowledge and expertise to manage your own portfolio of projects.Training and DevelopmentFrom day one, you will be given responsibility on projects, assisting more senior members of the team on a range of areas. It is likely that you will be involved in projects from all product areas during your first few years at Aon. There will also be plenty of scope to specialise when you are ready.You can apply to an internship programme in this area which will last for nine weeks over the summer. This will help to give you a feel for our culture and the opportunity to take on real responsibilities and contribute to our business. You'll be assigned a mentor to guide you through the placement, while full technical training and business skills development will give you an understanding of the professional services world. In line with our Corporate Social Responsibility policies, we'll also challenge you to make a difference. You'll be involved in group charity projects that help local communities which will allow you to demonstrate your ability to work with clients, as well as develop team working and communication skills.Although an internship does not guarantee a place on our Graduate Programme, many of our interns go on to a successful career with us and are automatically considered for a place on our Graduate Programme, with no further assessment required.RequirementsTo apply for our Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance Stream, you will need strong analytical skills and the drive to deliver excellent work to our clients. You must have achieved (or are predicted): a 2.1 or higher in your degree, or equivalent; an 'A' or above in Maths A-level, or equivalent; and a minimum of AAB at A-level (excluding General Studies), or 340 UCAS points for exams taken prior to 2017 OR 136 UCAS points for exams taken post 2017, or equivalent.If you're looking for a sure-fire way to improve your career prospects, don't leave your future to chance, visit our website to find out more."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS4BZPFZDN05/594658477"	"03/12/2018 14:16:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPyT"	NA	"Graduate"
"Annuities Pricing Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Annuities Pricing Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life Insurer with their search for a Part Qualified Actuarial Analyst to join their Bulk Annuities Pricing team. They will consider candidates from a Pensions background for this position, due to the high level of transferable and relevant knowledge.  The role will provide the following opportunity: Excellent interaction with the senior leadership team. Supporting the provision of bulk annuity and longevity quotes to pension schemes. Opportunity to learn new skills within modelling, pricing and annuities.  Full study scheme, and generous package.   To discuss this role, or to explore your career options, please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82788/592938109"	"01/12/2018 14:32:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5BA"	NA	NA
"Assistant Longevity Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Longevity Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Major global reinsurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified actuary to support the overall longevity strategy whilst leading on projects for in force management and carrying out regular inforce tasks/checks. With previous pensions and longevity experience, the successful candidate will possess strong analytical skills alongside strong written and oral communication skills and excellent negotiation skills. Experience working in Life related fields alongside a good understanding of DB de-risking offerings in the market would be desirable. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82292/592938963"	"01/12/2018 14:31:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48p"	NA	NA
"Head of Actuarial Change - Life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Head of Actuarial Change - Life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer has an exciting opportunity for a qualified life actuary with deep knowledge of change management and delivery to deliver strategically-orientated business and systems solutions which support the changing requirements of Group Finance. Working in a multidisciplinary team, you will ensure the continuing production capability of predictable and stable financial reporting for the full range of IFRS cash and capital-based financial metrics relevant to the business. You will also develop and define the financial reporting strategy in terms of reporting metrics and required supporting capabilities, including SII, IFRS/IFRS17, Peak 1, New Business, APE, Fund Flow, Surrender and Strain release as well as key actuarial and financial inputs into the Strategic and Operational business plans.  With extensive UK Financial Reporting experience, the successful candidate will possess extensive knowledge of reporting metrics SII, Peak 1, IFRS/IFRS17, Pillar1, Pillar 2, alongside risk and savings (including With Profits) products. Flexible working options are available. An excellent leadership position within a market-leader. "	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82420/592938884"	"02/12/2018 07:50:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDGy"	NA	NA
"Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst - Model Development - Growing Life In"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst - Model Development - Growing Life In"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Actuarial Systems Analyst. The Opportunity: Opportunity to work with a rapidly growing, fast-paced Insurer. Ability to work on model development projects across capital, reporting, modelling, pricing and reinsurance. Excellent opportunity to develop specialist modelling and systems skills. Study support towards actuarial exams given as well as a full mentoring program from an experienced actuary. Ideal candidate: Experience in Excel, VBA and SQL. Experience working with an actuarial system or software (Prophet, MoSes, RAFM) Part qualified actuary  To discuss the role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit a CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83960/594974302"	"03/12/2018 16:40:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRf9"	NA	NA
"Longevity Risk Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Risk Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life insurer with their search for a Longevity Risk Actuary. Key responsibilities include:  Managing the development of the models for predicting the mortality experience of the business, including mortality pricing to reflect mortality risk, and ensure market competitiveness.  Supporting longevity risk research.  Development of group profiling systems. The ideal candidate will be a nearly or newly Qualified Actuary, with experience analysing mortality, modelling longevity risk and longevity pricing/reporting. They will have excellent communication skills, in order to build effective relationships and convey complex information to a range of stakeholders.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82302/592938944"	"03/12/2018 14:18:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPzy"	NA	NA
"IFRS Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"IFRS Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Market-leading insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary to support a number of key workstreams including IFRS17 implementation, reserving, and aspects of capital modelling.  In this highly collaborative role, you will be instrumental in the production, monitoring and communication of quarterly reserves on an IFRS and Solvency II basis for the Personal lines of business. With the ability to influence key stakeholders, you will possess knowledge of various reserving techniques and familiarity with ResQ. An innovative and creative thinker, you will also possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82861/592938985"	"01/12/2018 14:11:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bL"	NA	NA
"Finance Reporting Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Finance Reporting Actuary - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A major insurer is seeking a qualified life actuary to support the IFRS and Solvency II (base) reporting function to provide timely and accurate delivery and commentary of financial reporting results. Bringing knowledge of annuity products and the assets used to back these liabilities, you will represent the team for reporting metrics and MI within the company, building and maintaining effective relationships with a range of stakeholders. In addition, you will assist with the development, implementation and maintenance of reporting systems, processes and methodologies, ensuring that they are robust and that risks are assessed and appropriately controlled. With a good understanding of asset and liability modelling, the successful candidate will also possess good knowledge of financial reporting metrics: IFRS, EV, EC, and Solvency II. Understanding of bulk and individual annuity products also essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jo Frankham, Associate Director M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82581/592939071"	"03/12/2018 15:16:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQaF"	NA	NA
"Part Qualified Actuarial Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified Actuarial Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"I am conducting a search for a part qualified actuary for a leading actuarial UK consultancy in London.  They are interested in speaking to student actuaries who have acquired experience in the Life Insurance industry and have a good understanding of the UK regulatory regime. The role will be uniquely diverse across: Risk Management, Solvency II, Capital Management, Investment ALM, Internal Model development, Reinsurance and Pricing/Product Development. This is a green-field opportunity to fast track your career in a meritocracy with little hierarchy You will be a driven and motivated individual looking to develop your professional career in a client focused consultancy."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_83959/592939101"	"02/12/2018 07:15:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCeP"	NA	NA
"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Specialist insurer and provider of innovative risk solutions has a fantastic vacancy for a part-qualified or qualified GI actuary with exposure to capital modelling in the London Market to assist the development, delivery and operation of the Capital Model. In this exciting career opportunity, you will assist the embedding of model uses across the business in particular with the risk management framework, business planning and reinsurance purchase.In addition, you will contribute to the quarterly and year-end actuarial reserving reviews as required, whilst producing and assisting in presenting reserving summaries.Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills are essential; technical programming skills (eg Igloo) would be beneficial.Contact us now for more information."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5208/593978832"	"03/12/2018 15:09:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQU1"	NA	NA
"Capital Management Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Management Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 insurer in their search for a Capital Management actuary. The purpose of this role is to assist in the development and implementation of innovation capital optimisation solutions. Further responsibilities include: Developing the Capital Management framework. Structuring for transactions. Communicating with internal and external stakeholders and business partners. The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary, with experience within Capital, Transactions or Structuring within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy. They will have a good knowledge of SII and balance sheet management. The candidate should also have excellent communication skills.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on .  Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82612/592938766"	"03/12/2018 14:19:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0a"	NA	NA
"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modelling Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Specialist insurer and provider of innovative risk solutions has a fantastic vacancy for a part-qualified or qualified GI actuary with exposure to capital modelling in the London Market to assist the development, delivery and operation of the Capital Model.  In this exciting career opportunity, you will assist the embedding of model uses across the business in particular with the risk management framework, business planning and reinsurance purchase. In addition, you will contribute to the quarterly and year-end actuarial reserving reviews as required, whilst producing and assisting in presenting reserving summaries. Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills are essential; technical programming skills (eg Igloo) would be beneficial. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Satpal Johri | Associate Director M: (0) E:  W:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85204/594974250"	"03/12/2018 14:06:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPrT"	NA	NA
"Senior Reserving Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Reserving Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A reputable Lloyd's syndicate is seeking a Senior Actuarial Analyst to help in supporting reserving across multiple lines of business.Responsibilities within this role include high-level contribution within the Actuarial function, supporting the ongoing testing, analysis and development of reserving models and preparing reports of claims reserving, as well as, partaking in the quarterly reserving reviews. The candidate will ensure all reports are aligning with SII provisions.This role requires good interpersonal skills due to often liaising with numerous members of Senior Management and individuals from other departments. The Candidate should have at least 2 years' reserving experience with knowledge of the UK GI industry, Reserving computing skills.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82686/592938129"	"01/12/2018 14:31:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk49u"	NA	NA
"Financial Lines Reserving Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Financial Lines Reserving Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"I'm recruiting a Financial Lines Reserving Actuary to support key reserving activities across Financial Lines and assist in capital modelling projects from a Corporate Actuarial perspective. More specifically, this involves: Reserving: Assist in the production of Legal Entity and US GAAP reserve estimates, both gross and net of Reinsurance Assist the liaison with the claims team around impact of initiatives, and specific IBNR areas (eg CAT, financial crisis) Assistance and ownership of production of key reserving results and analytics to take key stakeholders (internal and external to actuarial) through the results relating to Casualty. Working with reinsurance to ensure ongoing understanding of outwards RI changes impacting their lines of business Provide inputs into actuarial reporting Planning: Business Planning: Assist in the production of IFRS and US GAAP Loss Ratios Capital Model Calibration and SII Involvement in the capital model calibration process and support in other key SII activities relating to Casualty. The Ideal Candidate Should Have: Bachelors degree or equivalent Nearly or newly qualified member of an Actuarial Institute Proven proficiency in actuarial concepts and methodologies, including non-standard approaches Proficiency in reserving software eg ResQ Knowledge of SAS, SQL and VBA helpful "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"Fenchurch Associates"	"JS7286_82756/592939114"	"01/12/2018 14:17:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4nl"	NA	NA
"Aon Graduate Programme - Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance 2019"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Aon Graduate Programme - Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance 2019"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Aon's Actuarial & Analytics (A&A) Team provides tailored consulting solutions to clients across the insurance and banking industries. Our clients include multinational corporations, banks, captive insurers, and insurance and reinsurance companies in the UK, Europe and across the world. The A&A Team works with the wider Aon network of brokers and captive managers to provide a broad range of products and services to Aon's diverse client base.We utilise our broad skill set and market experience to help our clients implement effective risk management approaches to operate efficiently in the increasingly sophisticated and dynamic global market.The roleThe team in London consists of around 20 consultants, with many of them starting in the team as graduates. The team comes from a range of diverse backgrounds, including areas such as mathematics, engineering, physics, banking and actuarial science, from universities both in the UK and abroad.You will work in small project teams to deliver a wide range of actuarial and analytical solutions to Aon's global client base; quickly gaining the knowledge and expertise to manage your own portfolio of projects.From day one, you will be given responsibility on projects, assisting more senior members of the team on a range of areas. It is likely that you will be involved in projects from all product areas during your first few years at Aon. There will also be plenty of scope to specialise when you are ready.Our technical trainingAs we are a multi-disciplinary team, you will follow a balanced training programme that covers all of our product offerings. We have a range of training programmes in place, from an introduction to our services during your first week as a graduate, to softer skills development in client management and sales skills later in your career. Our training plan has been designed to gradually build up your technical knowledge in each area as you gain further experience in the team.You will also receive training and guidance in a range of modelling software. In particular, we use ReMetrica, a capital modelling software package that has been developed by Aon. No previous programming experience is required as you will learn on the job, but it may help in your first few projects.We are committed to giving you the support you need to develop your skills and take your career to the highest levels. For new starters, we will fully support your study towards qualification as a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries - professional study materials, tailored tutorials and study days will all help you pass your exams. You will also be allocated a buddy who's recently been in your position and a line manager to give advice and guidance throughout the year.RequirementsTo apply for our Actuarial Consulting - General Insurance Stream, you will need strong analytical skills and the drive to deliver excellent work to our clients. You must have achieved (or are predicted): a 2.1 or higher in your degree, or equivalent; an 'A' or above in Maths A-level, or equivalent; and a minimum of AAB at A-level (excluding General Studies), or 340 UCAS points for exams taken prior to 2017 OR 136 UCAS points for exams taken post 2017, or equivalent."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JSWM93J09IGB/594658438"	"03/12/2018 15:18:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbr"	NA	"Graduate"
"Pricing and Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing and Reserving Actuary - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a qualified actuary with European language skills, experience of a variety of business lines and knowledge of exposure and experience-based pricing methods to take up a pricing and reserving role within a growing team.You will have strategic understanding, along with a a customer focus and will use your communication skills to form strong relationships with both the underwriting teams and clients. Contact us now for more information about this great role."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5302/593978928"	"03/12/2018 15:08:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQUI"	NA	NA
"CONTRACT: Life Actuary - Financial Risk Management"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"CONTRACT: Life Actuary - Financial Risk Management"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has a fantastic opportunity for a life actuarial contractor from a risk management background to provide support in implementing a Group-wide risk transformation programme. With strong experience in financial market and insurance risk management, as well as operations Solvency II capital and risk appetite, the successful candidate will be involved in both business-as-usual (BAU) as well as project specific activities. Experience of capital management, stress and scenario testing, and ALM also essential, as are communication, interpersonal and leadership skills. Duration: 6 months. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Peter Baker, Partner M:  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82737/592939117"	"03/12/2018 14:19:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0l"	NA	NA
"Financial Reporting Actuary - Life"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Financial Reporting Actuary - Life"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client, an international provider of financial services, has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified life actuary with strong reporting experience to work on the delivery of SII results, including capital requirements on a quarterly basis. Supporting the delivery of UK and Canadian GAAP results on a quarterly basis, you will also develop efficient reporting processes and strict controls around those processes whilst supporting wider workstreams including bonus setting, investment strategy, business planning and run-off plans. With a demonstrable ability to deal with change, the successful candidate will have proven influencing skills alongside good knowledge of actuarial modelling and data conversion systems. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Clare Roberts, Associate Director M:  E:  "	"South East, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83943/592938689"	"03/12/2018 15:20:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQdE"	NA	NA
"Financial Reporting - Actuarial Assistant Manager"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Financial Reporting - Actuarial Assistant Manager"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"If you are a part-qualified or qualified life actuary with experience of IFRS and SII reporting, then this is an excellent opportunity to join a major insurer, supporting the completion of IFRS and SII reporting on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis. Good interpersonal skills, and the ability to work collaboratively are essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  Antony Buxton FIA, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82418/592939175"	"03/12/2018 15:18:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbo"	NA	NA
"Senior Life Actuarial Analyst - Systems"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Life Actuarial Analyst - Systems"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking a part-qualified life actuary with advanced technical skills to maintain and enhance the Mo.NET model, developing the model to allow for new products, product features or regulatory change. Well-honed technical skills (VBA, SQL, MS Office, Mo. Net) or equivalent actuarial modelling software (e. g. Prophet, MoSes) are essential. You will also possess knowledge of the UK life and health protection markets, with experience in life office reporting, including Solvency 2, MCEV, IFRS and US GAAP preferable. Talented exam-stoppers will be considered. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85085/592938976"	"02/12/2018 07:13:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCcA"	NA	NA
"London Market Pricing Actuary"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Qualified or Nearly Qualified GI Pricing Actuary required for a leading Specialty lines insurer. Working closely with underwriters, you will assist in developing and maintaining pricing tools and methodologies as well as assisting with case pricing across multi lines. Predominantly focusing on Aviation business, there will also be the opportunity to work on cross line of business projects with other teams therefore Aviation experience is not a pre-req. The successful candidate will work closely with key stakeholders across London and Europe and have the ability to build rapport and gain buy in within short time frames. You will be a competent user of Excel, VBA & SQL and if not already Qualified, be on the cusp. You must be able to demonstrate a solid track record in Commercial Lines Pricing, with any experience of the Lloyd's/London Market highly beneficial. Only those who already have the right to work in the UK, without the need of visa sponsorship, can be considered. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_82648/592938860"	"02/12/2018 15:11:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLf"	NA	NA
"Senior Projects Actuary"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Projects Actuary"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Due to a growing balance sheet, our client is looking to grow their team too by hiring a qualified actuary into their London office for a newly created Senior Manager level position.  You will be joining one of the most ambitious areas of the business and report directly into the Head of this area with extensive stakeholder management across the business at all levels.  Overall your role will be to enhance this area's ability by developing and implementing new capabilities into this team. This could be changing the methodology in the way assets/liabilities are valued or implement a new sophisticated way that calculations are looked at with regards to valuation metrics.  The key personality trait that they are looking for is a confident communicator who enjoys working with others.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_85103/592938662"	"02/12/2018 07:47:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDEa"	NA	NA
"Assistant Life Manager - Actuarial Change"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Life Manager - Actuarial Change"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer seeks a part-qualified life actuary to deliver change across all actuarial systems and processes, taking responsibility for the planning and ongoing management of the change agenda. The successful candidate will have previous exposure to change activity in the actuarial space and be familiar with the project lifecycle. Direct previous involvement in activities such as requirements gathering, developing, testing and delivering solutions will be an advantage.  Excellent interpersonal and people management skills are also essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  Antony Buxton FIA, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82294/592938945"	"03/12/2018 17:54:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSbj"	NA	NA
"Part Qualified Actuary - Reserving Opportunity"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part Qualified Actuary - Reserving Opportunity"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading international General Insurer to source a Part-Qualified Actuary to join the Reserving team.  The opportunity: Develop tools to support business planning Assist with Monthly and Quarterly Reserving process Evaluate and analysis quarterly reserve estimates Produce timely and precise actuarial management information Excellent team structure The individual: Part Qualified Actuary with excellent exam progress Experience in Reserving is a necessity Strong IT skills To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Hannah Turner at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82508/592938871"	"03/12/2018 14:20:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP1n"	NA	NA
"Technical Systems Actuary - Engineering Solutions"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Technical Systems Actuary - Engineering Solutions"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	" We are supporting a leading Life Insurer in their search to fill an outstanding vacancy as Technical Systems Actuary to join their most successful division - Retirement. This is a very exciting area - Engineering Solutions - and you will be actively involved in the design and development of the company's actuarial systems. You will have ownership of actuarial design and will work with the Solution Engineering and Architecture teams to help deliver systems that have the correct actuarial calculation, judgement and analysis within them. You will primarily act as a conduit between the business requirements and the development of the calculations. The criteria the hiring manager is looking for are: - Actuarial background (FIA/CAA/QBE) - Actuarial Systems development experience (ideally in Pricing area) - Knowledge of annuities/retirement products - Ability to read code in VBA, SQL, R/Python, C++ is advantageous (not essential). This is a great opportunity to develop further your technical skills in a prosperous environment. This role offers agile working. Please apply now for immediate consideration or get in touch with Ioana Pribac on or for an informal chat. "	"South East, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"Financial Resourcing Group"	"JS7286_82702/592938934"	"03/12/2018 14:09:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPtO"	NA	NA
"Senior Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Reserving Actuary - London Market"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading London Market insurance provider to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified actuary to join their Reserving team as Senior Actuary.  The opportunity: Begin the path to management through one direct report Exposure to London Market  Flexibility in working arrangements Assist with capital projects when required The individual: Nearly/newly Qualified Actuary with excellent exam progress Background in Reserving is essential Ability to produce high quality work to agreed deadlines  Knowledge of IT skills including Excel "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85028/592938831"	"02/12/2018 07:14:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCdI"	NA	NA
"Financial Lines Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Financial Lines Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities: Providing the FL Profit Centre with the actuarial support they require to profitably grow their business and take remedial action where needed Promote the work of the pricing team, and act as a business partner to have impact on decision-making and improve profitability Produce transactional pricing analysis for FL accounts within agreed timescales, working closely with underwriters Actively involved in technical pricing tool development and enhancements, whilst considering local market requirements Ensure appropriate rate monitoring and MI tracking is in place to understand FL portfolio Training and education of underwriters to understand actuarial work Ensure data used for pricing and monitoring is complete, accurate, adequate and timely Oversee junior members of staff Comply with key regulatory and risk management procedures Adherence to European and Matrix decision making standards within the authorities provided Qualifications/Experience: Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Mathematics/Actuarial Science A qualified member of an Actuarial Institute 5+ years' experience insurance experience "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_82753/592939115"	"01/12/2018 14:31:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk49n"	NA	NA
"Commercial Pricing Actuary - Newly Qualified Actuary - FTSE"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Commercial Pricing Actuary - Newly Qualified Actuary - FTSE"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Commercial Pricing Actuary.  The purpose of this role is to assist in optimising the pricing activity to improve market competitiveness. The opportunity will also include: Using market insight to recommend pricing strategy improvements. Assisting in the implementation of new modelling techniques, including; GLM modelling and machine learning. Internal and external stakeholder management.  The ideal candidate will be a Newly Qualified Actuary, with previous experience working within the pricing or product development team of a UK life insurer (experience from a range of product backgrounds will be considered). Good communication skills are essential.  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82301/592939083"	"01/12/2018 14:12:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4dV"	NA	NA
"Senior Corporate Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Corporate Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Key Responsibilities: Ensure the accurate and timely delivery of quarterly financial results on several reporting bases (best-estimate, statutory and US GAAP) for the health product portfolio Develop a deep understanding of the health products so that you can fully understand results, maintain accurate reserves, and propose actions to improve the performance of the underlying business Be able to link internal experience to movements in the wider business environment including regulations, medical advancement and economic situations Manage the best-estimate submission for the entire UK portfolio, including income statement, balance sheet, capital, and cash flow projections. You will collaborate with all members of the UK team to ensure timely and accurate delivery of results Present the UK results to internal stakeholders and senior managers, such as L&H Actuarial Control, Finance and Client Markets Support and train less experienced team members to ensure they are working efficiently and have succession plans in place Propose appropriate demographic valuation assumptions and fully validate the financial impacts of any proposed basis changes Ensure compliance with internal and regulatory requirements, with evidence that controls are followed and that issues and judgements are appropriately documented Be empowered to improve the quality and efficiency of the reserving processes Develop into the role such that you are a future successor to a team lead role within 1-2 years Qualifications/Experience: 1-3 years of post-qualification actuarial experience Strong analytical and technical skills Prior reserving experience preferred "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Emerald Group"	"Emerald Group"	"JS7286_82069/592939089"	"02/12/2018 15:11:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLu"	NA	NA
"Senior Marketing Actuary - Leading Life Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Marketing Actuary - Leading Life Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Marketing Actuary. This is an excellent opportunity to move into a highly commercial role, working closely with the senior leadership team to optimise their market position. Responsibilities include: Leading an expanding business area, and managing key internal and external stakeholder relationships. Using market insight to recommend strategy improvements, and advice on product developments.  Lead the conception and delivery of propositions. Represent the team and brand at industry events and conferences. The ideal candidate will be an experienced Qualified Actuary, with previous experience working within the pricing or product development team of a UK life insurer (experience from a range of product backgrounds will be considered). Good communication skills are essential."	"London, UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83938/592938981"	"02/12/2018 07:49:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDFl"	NA	NA
"Qualified Pricing Actuary role at leading ReInsurer, Central London"	"GBP"	"Central London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Pricing Actuary role at leading ReInsurer, Central London"	"Central London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 ReInsurer in Central London with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing team. The purpose of this role is to manage the process of compiling tenders and to lead on Pricing projects. The opportunity: Great deal of client interaction and exposure to the industry Interaction with senior stakeholders Management of projects and mentoring of Actuarial students Flexible working on offer - up to 2 days from home per week Chance to move into Pricing from another technical area Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary (1-3 years PQE) Previous experience working within Protection Pricing, although all backgrounds will be considered. Strong communication skills.  "	"Central London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83971/592938077"	"01/12/2018 14:12:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4cl"	NA	NA
"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing Actuary"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"I am currently working on a wide range of London Market pricing roles in both insurance and reinsurance. All roles are at a part-qualified level and will look at any candidate with a strong academic background and at least one years' GI actuarial experience. The positions will focus on a blend of business classes and you will be expected to liaise closely with the underwriting teams. Successful applicants will gain experience in all elements of portfolio analysis, pricing model building and individual account pricing. "	"City, London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_85177/594974283"	"03/12/2018 14:12:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPv3"	NA	NA
"Qualified Reporting Actuary with expanding South London insurer "	"up to £80,000 GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Reporting Actuary with expanding South London insurer "	"London - up to £80,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a fast growing life insurer in South East London with their search for a Reporting Actuary. This role works across a number of Reporting metrics as well as involvement in wider projects. The opportunity:  Chance to work on on-going financial transformation and Prophet migration projects Great opportunities for future career progression Join a small company, allowing involvement in activity across the business Join an active insurer who are growing through acquisitions (closed books), Protection and Savings Products Base salary of up to £80,000 plus a bonus of c7% Ideal candidate:  Qualified Actuary Previous Reporting experience within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy Strong communication skills  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"up to £80,000 GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82704/592938932"	"02/12/2018 07:14:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCc0"	NA	NA
"Senior Protection Pricing Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Protection Pricing Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Senior Commercial Actuary. The purpose of this role is to assist in optimising the pricing activity to improve profitability for the Protection product line. The opportunity includes: Fast-paced and varied work, including negotiating and implementing new reinsurance treaties and assisting in product development. You will also coordinate the re-pricing activity, and assist in the definition of the pricing strategy.  Liaising directly with the senior leadership team, and managing internal and external relationships. The opportunity to lead a team of varying levels. The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a strong communication and leadership skills. They will consider candidates from a range of Actuarial backgrounds.  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82876/592938705"	"03/12/2018 14:17:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPy6"	NA	NA
"Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary - Big 4 Consultancy"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary - Big 4 Consultancy"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We are working with one of the Big 4 who are looking to bring on a Part or Nearly Qualified Actuary in their Life team You will be exposed to a broad range of Actuarial work and it is a great place for you to develop new skills. There is a big focus on IFRS17, M&A, Capital Management and Transactions projects, The ideal candidate will be a Part or Nearly Qualified Life Actuary and you will be part of their study program, Strong communication skills are key, You will need to have good problem solving skills and eagerness to learn To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85007/592938681"	"03/12/2018 17:20:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAb"	NA	NA
"Capital and Reserving Actuary/Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital and Reserving Actuary/Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading general insurance provider in their search for a Capital and Reserving Actuary to join their central London office. The position will suit a nearly/newly qualified Actuary with previous experience in Capital and/or Reserving (any market). Key responsibilities: 2nd line review of the Reserving team, and ongoing work to improve tools and methodology Calibration of the internal model, and challenging assumptions Documentation and validation of the model Key requirements: Nearly/newly qualified Actuary Capital and/or Reserving experience  Ongoing study towards FIA if not qualified To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Georgia Bustin at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85219/594974292"	"03/12/2018 15:12:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXf"	NA	NA
"Step up in Capital Actuarial"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Step up in Capital Actuarial"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"With a strong technical actuarial background in capital modelling and the ability to mentor others and run projects, you will have the opportunity to develop and refine your capital experience with the potential to become a future leader in the team. Get in touch now to discuss how this opportunity could be your ideal next career move within the Lloyd's market, whilst also offering international exposure. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85169/594974247"	"03/12/2018 15:19:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQcj"	NA	NA
"CONTRACT: R&D Actuary - Life/Pensions"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"CONTRACT: R&D Actuary - Life/Pensions"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading reinsurer is seeking a part-qualified or qualified life actuarial contractor to assist in the development of longevity and demographic Terms of Trade through analysis of experience data.In this key role, you will assist in finalising the development and testing of an internal postcode longevity model, customising its use for the pricing of longevity swaps for UK DB pensions schemes.In addition, you will assist in developing a new model for pricing pensions scheme demographic risks.Demonstrable experience of pricing or valuing longevity business within a consultancy, reinsurer or life office environment is essential.Experience of actuarial techniques such as Generalised Linear Models and Survival Models would be desirable."	"London, UK"	"Retail"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5103/593978744"	"03/12/2018 10:50:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlNan"	NA	NA
"Qualified Economic Risk Actuary position "	"£70,000"	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Economic Risk Actuary position "	"Scotland - £70,000"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 Life Insurer in Scotland with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Economic Risk team. This role will focus on the development of the SII Internal Model methodology, particularly in developing the economic risk methodology. The opportunity: Designing and enhancement of market risk stresses Development of methodology for illiquid asset classes Join a FTSE 100 company at an exciting period of growth Opportunity to build management responsibilities into the role Highly communicative role - you will regularly be liaising with internal and external stakeholders Salary of up to £70,000 plus wider package and benefits Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary Experience in the design/proposal of SII or ICA methodology would be preferable Illiquid asset or credit risk modelling experience would be ideal Advanced knowledge of VBA and R is desirable Strong communication skills.   "	"Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£70,000"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85077/592938649"	"01/12/2018 14:33:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5CY"	NA	NA
"Senior Qualified Pricing Actuary for a central London life Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Qualified Pricing Actuary for a central London life Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a UK life insurer with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing Team as a Senior Pricing Actuary. The purpose of the role is to manage the process of compiling tenders for specific quotes and to support the Pricing Actuaries by taking ownership of projects. The Opportunity: Great deal of client interaction and exposure to the industry. Ability to create and further develop your Pricing market network Interaction with senior stakeholders. Management of projects and mentoring of Actuarial students. Flexible working on offer - up to 2 days from home per week Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary with 3+ years' experience, preferably in Pricing in life Insurance or the Reinsurance market. Experience of managing small project teams. Ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. Strong IT skills with good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package  To discuss the role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit a CV or contact Jessica Hay at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83957/592938529"	"03/12/2018 15:17:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbR"	NA	NA
"Senior Risk Modelling Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Modelling Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a large UK Life Insurer who are looking to grow a new Risk Modelling team. You will join and lead a team of technical modelling actuaries, Using your own judgement, review all risk results and present findings and new strategic plans to senior management and committees, Along with other senior managers you will play a key role setting the future financial strategy of the business, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life Insurance, Experience of working in a Risk function of a large life insurer, Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85230/594974280"	"03/12/2018 15:10:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQV1"	NA	NA
"Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary vacancy for a Global Insurer in Scotlan"	"GBP"	"Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary vacancy for a Global Insurer in Scotlan"	"Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a FTSE 100 Life Insurer with their search for a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Risk team in Scotland. This role will focus on monitoring the solvency and financial strength of the company while providing support and challenge to the rest of the business. The opportunity:  Work with stakeholder by reviewing and overseeing first line work. Be a key player in decision making across the business by signing off on transactions and transformation proposals. Ability for agile working/working from home. Communication with senior leadership and stakeholders Ideal candidate:  Nearly or Newly Qualified Actuary Experience in working in a Risk or Second Line team would be advantageous, Good understanding of SII Previous experience of stakeholder management Strong communication skills  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options please submit your CV or contact Jessica Hay at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners have access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"Scotland, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85186/594974251"	"03/12/2018 14:19:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0d"	NA	NA
"Gain excellent London Market exposure - Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Gain excellent London Market exposure - Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading general insurer, is looking for an Actuarial Analyst to join a growing team. Reporting to the Head of Property Pricing, the role will suit a candidate with previous experience in general insurance pricing. Key responsibilities: Wide variety of work, designing, building and maintaining pricing models Interaction with underwriters, answering business queries from on pricing model use and rate changes Excellent exposure to senior stakeholders, presenting to senior management  The ideal candidate: Part-qualified Actuary General insurance pricing experience Excellent communication skills, and a commercial mind-set To discuss this role please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82447/592939007"	"01/12/2018 14:32:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5BR"	NA	NA
"Consultancy Opportunity - Learn new Actuarial Skills"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Consultancy Opportunity - Learn new Actuarial Skills"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with the Big Four consultancies to recruit a Qualified Actuaries to join as Senior Managers.  The opportunity: Lead client engagement teams Variation in projects from audits to reserving to model validation  Win new business through marketing, building upon relationships Provide high quality advisory service to clients Manage teams and projects  The individual: Qualified Actuary with sufficient experience in general insurance Strong communication skills Previous experience of managing  Excellent stakeholder management Experience in a client facing role is essential "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82444/592938879"	"01/12/2018 14:13:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4eq"	NA	NA
"Qualified Risk Modelling Actuary - Opportunity to Grow Your Own Team"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Qualified Risk Modelling Actuary - Opportunity to Grow Your Own Team"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"You will be one of the first Actuaries to join a newly formed team tasked with bring the Risk Modelling process back in-house. Responsible for results production and presentation of findings to a range of Senior Managers across the Risk and Finance functions, Influence work being done by the Methodology & Assumptions team, Play an active role in recruiting a team of technical strong Part and Newly Qualified Actuaries, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life Insurance, Experience of working in a Group Head Office would be advantageous, Strong background across Risk Modelling and a good understanding of Economic Capital To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82778/592938929"	"03/12/2018 15:16:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQap"	NA	NA
"Head of Longevity - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Longevity - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a leading UK life insurer with their search for a Head of Longevity. The opportunity includes: Leading a multi-disciplinary team, and representing the team across the business and the wider market. High level of senior stakeholder interaction and relationship management. Optimising the market competitiveness of the business area, and representing the company's profile as a market leader. Developing and implementing new and innovative longevity science techniques and strategies.  The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with strong communication and leadership skills. They will have a strong background in longevity, and a thorough knowledge of longevity risk.   To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit your CV or contact Jessica Clarke at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85240/594974245"	"03/12/2018 14:11:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPuv"	NA	NA
"Modelling and Systems Transformation Actuary"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Modelling and Systems Transformation Actuary"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a specialist Life Insurer who are going through a period of system transformation and are looking for an Actuary to lead this process. You will play a leading role in upgrading the current Actuarial Systems and Spreadsheets to RAFM, A key part of this role will be to seek out process improvement and propose changes to the current way of working, Communicate these changes to Senior Managers and key executives, Work closely with the IFRS17 projects team to assist with its implementation, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life Insurance, Strong Actuarial systems skills; RAFM would be highly desired, Good communication skills,  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82614/592938761"	"01/12/2018 14:31:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk492"	NA	NA
"Senior Audit Manager - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Audit Manager - Qualified Actuary - FTSE 100 Life Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 life insurer with their search for a Senior Audit Manager. The role offers excellent variety across a breadth of actuarial topics. The opportunity also includes: Assisting in the effective identification of risks, and strengthening of control frameworks. Challenge and advise various teams, and manage key stakeholder relationships. Manage and deliver audits to deadline. The ideal candidate will be a qualified Actuary, with broad life insurance experience. Prior Audit experience is advantageous, and you will need excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85072/592939095"	"01/12/2018 14:17:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4nE"	NA	NA
"Senior Capital Analyst - Full Actuarial Study Support"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Capital Analyst - Full Actuarial Study Support"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading insurer to source a Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary to join their Capital team.  The opportunity: Develop and optimise the Internal Capital Model to reach external and internal requirements Ensure the model is compliant with SII Stress and Scenario testing Carry out ORSA projections Small team, high levels of exposure to senior management The individual: Part/Nearly Qualified Actuary with good exam progress Background in Capital is essential Previous interaction with ORSA is preferable  Good IT skills To discuss this role please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82653/592939066"	"01/12/2018 14:14:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4gR"	NA	NA
"Rotational Student Role - Part Qualified Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"England"	"Permanent"	"Rotational Student Role - Part Qualified Actuarial Analyst"	"England - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a leading UK Life insurer in their search for an Actuarial student to partake in their rotational scheme. The purpose of this role is to move between the actuarial functions to develop their skills. These areas include Capital and Risk Management, Valuations and Product Development. Other key responsibilities include:  Actuarial analysis to support the various team outputs, developing knowledge and comprehensive understanding of the main functions.  Provide technical Actuarial input and insight to understand the broader business implications.  Regularly updating documentation of work and processes.  Providing recommendations to improve performance, and implementing these changes.  The ideal candidate will be making good progress with their actuarial studies. They will be proactive in developing their skills, and be able to communicate effectively on technical topics. The applicant should have a minimum of one years' experience. Candidates from a range of backgrounds will be considered.  To discuss this role please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"England, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82411/592938887"	"01/12/2018 14:30:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48D"	NA	NA
"Join an international Re-insurer in their Actuarial Pricing arm"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Join an international Re-insurer in their Actuarial Pricing arm"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting an international life insurer with their search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing Team as a Senior Pricing Actuary. The purpose of the role is to manage the process of compiling tenders for specific quotes and to support the Pricing Actuaries by taking ownership of projects. The Opportunity: Great deal of client interaction and exposure to the industry. Ability to create and further develop your Pricing market network Interaction with senior stakeholders. Management of projects and mentoring of Actuarial students. Flexible working on offer - up to 2 days from home per week Ideal candidate: Qualified Actuary with 3+ years' experience, preferably in Pricing in life Insurance or the Reinsurance market. Experience of managing small project teams. Ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. Strong IT skills with good understanding of MS Excel & Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package  To discuss the role further, or to discuss your career options, please submit a CV or contact Jessica Hay at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85249/594974272"	"03/12/2018 14:11:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPvH"	NA	NA
"Exciting London Market opportunity for a Pricing Actuary ready to work"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Exciting London Market opportunity for a Pricing Actuary ready to work"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a London Market insurer, is looking for a nearly/newly qualified Pricing Actuary to join a strong and growing team, working across several specialty lines of business. The opportunity: Take on managerial responsibilities mentoring Junior Analysts Excellent interaction across the business; providing Actuarial guidance and assistance to underwriters as required, and supervise outsourced resources based abroad Help to develop exciting innovative machine learning techniques The ideal candidate: Nearly or newly qualified Actuary, with strong academic background and active participation in actuarial exams Experience of Commercial or Lloyd's Pricing preferred Excellent technical capability, and proven software expertise To discuss this role please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82524/592938614"	"01/12/2018 14:33:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5Bz"	NA	NA
"London Market Pricing - Competitive Salary - Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary "	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing - Competitive Salary - Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary "	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading London Market insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Pricing team. The opportunity: Provide coaching to the junior members when required Develop benchmark premiums Calibration of rating factors based on data captured Join a leading insurer in the market  The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary with excellent exam progress Good communication skills Experience in London Market pricing To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82526/592939004"	"01/12/2018 14:32:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5BP"	NA	NA
"Actuarial Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Actuarial Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"My client, a market leading insurer, are looking for an excellent graduate or part-qualified analyst to join their Pricing team. This role will be varied with a big emphasis on collaborative work and the opportunity to take on responsibility from an early stage. My client is looking for confident, well-rounded and outgoing individuals looking to join a hard-working and fun environment. Candidiates with exposure to the insurance industry would be welcomed, as well as candidates who have commercial acumen as well as an understanding of the importance that technical skills can add to the role. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85196/594974262"	"03/12/2018 15:12:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXj"	NA	"Graduate"
"Reserving Actuary (Non-Life)"	"£500p.d. to £1000p.d"	"London"	"Contract"	"Reserving Actuary (Non-Life)"	"London - £500p.d. to £1000p.d"	"Contract"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Oliver James associates are working on several Reserving contract opportunities with multiple non-life insurers based in Central London.OJA are currently looking for contractors at varying levels, from several years of experience up to FIA qualified, highly experienced reserving actuaries.Day rates on offer will range from £500p.d. to £1000p.d. depending on seniority and level of experience. The durations of contracts range between 3-6 months (initially)The start dates will be ASAP, but some can accommodate a January 2019 start. If you are a seasoned contractor or a permanent member of staff considering contracting, please don't hesitate to get in touch for a confidential conversation.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£500p.d. to £1000p.d"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82828/592938989"	"02/12/2018 15:11:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLb"	NA	"Executive"
"Life Actuarial Consulting in the City"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Actuarial Consulting in the City"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"We have multiple roles available within a growing London-based consulting team for candidates with strengths in reporting and/or modelling. Working with a wide variety of clients within a close-knit team, these roles afford excellent growth opportunities together with study support for those looking to qualify."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82586/592938420"	"01/12/2018 14:26:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk42T"	NA	NA
"Senior Pricing Manager - Life Reinsurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Pricing Manager - Life Reinsurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial are currently representing a brand new opportunity for a qualified life actuary with knowledge of the reinsurance market to price new and existing insurance business to push profit and growth whilst minimising risk.In this exciting career-development opportunity, you will ensure the pricing process is efficient and robust by recommending and delivering developments to the process as necessary.You will also develop new distribution and new products by providing pricing expertise and any additional actuarial support as required.In addition, you will build and manage relationships with reinsurers, working across all business areas across the Protection business in order to negotiate and implement reinsurance treaties for new and existing business.A detailed understanding of actuarial techniques for pricing long term insurance products is essential, whilst detailed understanding of the Protection business, including underwriting and claims, would be ideal.Prophet & SAS experience would be beneficial."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5040/593978711"	"03/12/2018 15:15:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQZI"	NA	NA
"Non-life Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is currently working with a leading consultancy in the search for a qualified non-life actuary with strong project and people management skills to lead client engagement teams, working as part of a multi-disciplinary team.Providing a high-quality advisory service to clients, you will build and maintain strong relationships with both new and existing clients.In addition, you will contribute to high quality thought leadership whilst contributing to the development of new products and services.With strong technical and communication skills, the successful candidate will have the ability to develop productive relationships that bring in business.Contact us now for more information."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4572/593978620"	"03/12/2018 15:10:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQWS"	NA	NA
"Non-life Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is currently working with a leading consultancy in the search for a qualified non-life actuary with strong project and people management skills to lead client engagement teams, working as part of a multi-disciplinary team. Providing a high-quality advisory service to clients, you will build and maintain strong relationships with both new and existing clients. In addition, you will contribute to high quality thought leadership whilst contributing to the development of new products and services. With strong technical and communication skills, the successful candidate will have the ability to develop productive relationships that bring in business."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82423/592939008"	"01/12/2018 14:29:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk46R"	NA	NA
"Underwriting Expert"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Expert"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is working with a growing insurance business looking to hire a technical underwriting analyst into their close-knit team. With at least 2 years' experience in a similarly technical role and with prior experience of supporting underwriting processes, you will liaise with teams across the business with a holistic view. Experience of personal lines insurance is an advantage, as is a strong handle of insurance modelling, and software including SQL, Python and R.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82340/592939041"	"01/12/2018 14:14:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4gg"	NA	NA
"Senior Risk Manager"	"£ excellent GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Manager"	"London - £ excellent GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Star Actuarial is currently working alongside a major international consultancy in the search for a Senior Insurance Risk Manager with a hands-on understanding of how risk is managed within insurance companies to support the delivery of client engagements. The successful candidate will have a detailed understanding of the processes and techniques used in insurance risk management such as risk appetite, risk reporting, risk governance and Stress Testing and Scenario Analysis You will also have demonstrable experience of team management as well as being able to build and maintain strong relationships with both new and existing insurance clients."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ excellent GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197431/592930822"	"01/12/2018 14:17:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4mU"	NA	NA
"Pricing Analytics"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Analytics"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"*Are there any ACTUARIAL EXAM STOPPERS out there, who want to pursue a more data-driven role?* PRICING ANALYTICS ROLE JUST BEEN RELEASED AT LEADING SYNDICATEWe are looking for a problem-solver to get hands on with data and modelling work to solve business problems through a highly analytical approach. This is for those who don't want to pursue the actuarial qualification any more, who want to veer away from the regulatory/compliance work and get hands on with data. Strong SQL knowledge is a MUST. Please apply now."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83892/592938926"	"01/12/2018 14:14:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4ho"	NA	NA
"Senior Modelling Analyst - Non-life"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior Modelling Analyst - Non-life"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a part-qualified actuary (or a talented individual with the required experience) to join its Commercial Underwriting team where you will be instrumental in helping deliver data-driven tactical and strategic support to the business by building predictive models. Using your skills in data handling and statistical analysis, along with powerful modelling software and analysis tools, you will help the business to understand emerging trends. With strong experience of general insurance pricing, the successful candidate will ideally possess experience of pricing commercial insurance. You will also have experience of programming in SAS, or similar programming language, as well as strong Excel skills.  Familiarity with software such as Emblem and Radar is desirable.  A fantastic career-development opportunity. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82335/592938888"	"01/12/2018 14:17:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4mW"	NA	NA
"Non-life Pricing Contractor"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Contractor"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a qualified non-life actuarial contractor to support the launch of several IFRS17-related projects with respect to pricing platform development and portfolio profitability matrices. We are particularly interesting in qualified candidates with either a property or casualty pricing background and detailed experience of London Market lines.Reinsurance experience would be a distinct advantage.Contact us now for more information."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5204/593978827"	"03/12/2018 18:12:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSlX"	NA	NA
"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified non-life actuary to provide analytical support and insight to inform and influence business decisions and pricing strategy.In this diverse role, you'll be responsible for delivering benefits using a range of analytical techniques such as price optimisation for renewals.You will also deliver innovative projects to improve capability as well as tactical changes to manage business performance for both new business and renewals.Knowledge of SAS, EMBlem and/or optimisation software is an advantage."	"Leeds, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5056/593978719"	"03/12/2018 16:29:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRW5"	NA	NA
"Longevity Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major international reinsurer is seeking a qualified actuary with detailed experience of the pensions industry to take the lead on generating and transacting profitable new longevity business opportunities, overseeing the development of the longevity proposition. Developing and maintaining strong relationship with new and existing clients, you will deliver wider Longevity objectives including the effective management of inforce treaties. With very strong analytical skills and the ability to apply judgement, the successful candidate will possess excellent interpersonal and negotiation skills, alongside an excellent grasp of key financial and longevity drivers for a UK life insurance company and UK pension schemes. Experience working in Life, Health and Disability related fields, alongside life reinsurance, desirable. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Jan Sparks FIA, Partner M: (0) E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82742/592938992"	"03/12/2018 15:18:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQby"	NA	NA
"Life Insurance Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Insurance Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy is seeking a qualified life actuary to support a wide range of client projects, including financial reporting, being the main day-to-day point of contact and keeping abreast of changes in UK regulatory framework and potential impact.Acting as a role model within the practice, you will identify and implement improvements to processes and procedures used for recurring client projects.With demonstrable knowledge of Solvency II regulations and reporting alongside project management and organisational skills, the successful candidate will ideally possess with-profits management and product development experience.Experience of risk management, such as ORSAs, stress and scenario testing, would also be an advantage.Contact us now for more information."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5066/593978723"	"03/12/2018 14:19:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0k"	NA	NA
"Senior Technical Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Senior Technical Pricing Analyst - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to undertake analyses and support projects that improve the understanding of claims and fees cost drivers across Lines of Business, thereby informing appropriate changes to quoted prices and account profitability assessments.In this key role, you will contribute to the development of appropriate management information systems for pricing.You will also contribute to the specification, development and testing cycles for deployment of rates whilst considering the impact on customers of pricing actions, acting to avoid any unfair treatment.In addition, you will provide technical underwriting and pricing guidance to assist the business in achieving its plans and in support of operational areas.With a detailed understanding of appropriate statistical techniques for insurance risk analysis and demand pricing, the successful candidate will possess familiarity with personal lines products and financial processes.Experience in the use of statistics tools like R, SAS, Emblem or similar also required. Experience in the use of Python desirable."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4769/593978651"	"03/12/2018 14:14:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwr"	NA	NA
"Life Insurance Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Insurance Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy is seeking a qualified life actuary to support a wide range of client projects, including financial reporting, being the main day-to-day point of contact and keeping abreast of changes in UK regulatory framework and potential impact. Acting as a role model within the practice, you will identify and implement improvements to processes and procedures used for recurring client projects. With demonstrable knowledge of Solvency II regulations and reporting alongside project management and organisational skills, the successful candidate will ideally possess with-profits management and product development experience. Experience of risk management, such as ORSAs, stress and scenario testing, would also be an advantage. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Clare Roberts, Associate Director"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82230/592939138"	"02/12/2018 15:11:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLn"	NA	NA
"Capital Reporting Manager - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Reporting Manager - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified life actuary with a passion for capital reporting? Do you have a good understanding of asset modelling and investment markets? Would you relish the opportunity to make a difference within a major insurer? Then this is the role for you. In this key position, you will lead our client's Solvency II capital reporting team, providing the delivery and commentary of the Solvency II and economic capital requirements including SII operating variances, interest rate exposure, inflation exposure and FX exposure and overall capital position of the firm. You will also present and disseminate Solvency II reporting results, incorporating specialist supporting analysis and commentary for reporting metrics. In addition, you will provide strategic direction for the team's capital reporting systems, processes and methodologies and take responsibility for reviewing process flows and wastage. Annuities experience would be an advantage. An excellent opportunity to develop your career within a market-leader. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82548/592939075"	"02/12/2018 07:45:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDCw"	NA	NA
"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a part-qualified non-life actuary to join their team as a senior pricing analyst where you will play a key role in helping to develop new pricing approaches for the Commercial Lines business. You'll help develop and exploit new data sources, undertake pricing reviews and embed new portfolio monitoring capabilities. In addition, you'll play a lead role in identifying emerging trends, testing pricing strategies and improving the way our client works, taking responsibility for providing training and direction to analysts within the team. Proven professional experience using data analysis tools including Excel/VBA & SAS (Enterprise Guide and/or Base) is required. Experience of pricing tools such as Emblem and Radar Base is an advantage.  "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82432/592938224"	"01/12/2018 14:32:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5AP"	NA	NA
"Head of Risk Pricing - Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Risk Pricing - Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a qualified life actuary with strong interpersonal skills to develop and deliver experience investigations, assumptions setting and methodology to enable the retail protection business to meet its business goals. In this newly-created role, you will demonstrate your creative analytical thinking by using market insight, internal MI and views gathered from experts in multiple disciplines in Retail Protection to develop an in-depth understanding of Lour client's performance in the UK Protection market. You will also provide thought leadership on, develop and deliver advanced analytical techniques into existing demographic and financial experience investigations and pricing processes. In addition, you will play a key role in the assessment of risk management processes to ensure that they are continually refined and improved. The successful candidate will have the ability to interpret the results of experience investigations, and be able to develop and refine the pricing and reporting assumptions (including calibrations for the internal model). An excellent career-development opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82582/592938425"	"01/12/2018 14:30:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48H"	NA	NA
"Head of Reserving"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Reserving"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This client is searching for a senior Actuary for nine months to cover their Head of Reserving. This candidate should have a strong reserving background and be comfortable defending the reserves to Non Actuaries both internally and externally. Strong communication skills are vital. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83965/594974300"	"03/12/2018 16:36:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRcK"	NA	NA
"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major general insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to support various elements of insurance pricing, conducting complex pricing analyses, for example, root cause, predictiveness and performance testing.Extracting, checking, cleaning and analysing data for use in the pricing models, you will report outcomes of the analyses to enable continuous improvement of data and models.You will also refine and operate models and reporting results to enable the team to make business decisions whilst developing rating logic to ensure effective pricing outcomes.In addition, you will carry out quality control processes and checks on pricing models and data to ensure they deliver the outputs required.With strong analytical and problem-solving skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of pricing general insurance products.SQL, EMBLEM or RADAR skills also required.An exciting career-development opportunity."	"Midlands, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4918/593978680"	"03/12/2018 15:16:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQaY"	NA	NA
"Life Consultant - London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Life Consultant - London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading consultancy has an unrivalled opportunity for a part-qualified life actuary to apply their skills in projects reaching beyond traditional actuarial boundaries.Providing support for a wide variety of assignments, you will be exposed to workstreams as diverse as: Solvency II, Finance Transformation, Mergers & Acquisitions, Capital Management, Reserving, Actuarial modelling, Embedded value, Audit and IFRS. In this client-facing role, you will also a ctively contribute to a wide range of client projects of a technical actuarial nature whilst also contributing to practice management.Good knowledge of the life industry alongside t he ability to apply your knowledge in practical and commercial situations is essential. An exciting opportunity to develop your career by providing support for cutting edge actuarial work in a strategic, consulting and transactional context."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4727/593978647"	"03/12/2018 14:14:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwp"	NA	NA
"Capital & Reserving Senior Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital & Reserving Senior Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified non-life actuary to assist in the development, maintenance, calibration and embedding of risk-adjusted financial models, and provision of a second line of defence on all P&C risk activities. In this varied and interesting role, you will gain exposure to Internal Model work across personal and commercial lines, take the lead on second line review work from an insurance risk perspective, and provide opinion on reserve recommendations. You will also support Senior Managers in the preparation and presentation of results of Capital and Reserving exercises to senior stakeholders. You will likely be a part-qualified actuary with experience across insurance risk, capital or reserving. Working knowledge of Remetrica or ResQ would be advantageous, though is not essential. As well as your technical experience, you will demonstrate strong stakeholder management, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a proven ability to work accurately under pressure."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83976/592939100"	"01/12/2018 14:33:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5CF"	NA	NA
"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analyst"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Major general insurer is seeking a part-qualified GI actuary to support various elements of insurance pricing, conducting complex pricing analyses, for example, root cause, predictiveness and performance testing. Extracting, checking, cleaning and analysing data for use in the pricing models, you will report outcomes of the analyses to enable continuous improvement of data and models. You will also refine and operate models and reporting results to enable the team to make business decisions whilst developing rating logic to ensure effective pricing outcomes. In addition, you will carry out quality control processes and checks on pricing models and data to ensure they deliver the outputs required. With strong analytical and problem-solving skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of pricing general insurance products. SQL, EMBLEM or RADAR skills also required. An exciting career-development opportunity."	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82591/592938593"	"01/12/2018 14:14:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4g4"	NA	NA
"Non-Life Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Non-Life Pricing Analyst"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"An ideal role for an actuarial student looking for a long-term move into a pricing-focused role on their path to Fellowship.You will receive valuable mentorship from more senior actuaries in the team, whilst being offered excellent exposure to the growing business.Any experience within personal lines will be useful, whilst a good grasp of SQL and Excel is a must. Experience with Emblem and Radar will be helpful too.Contact us now for more details on this special opportunity."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5248/593978883"	"03/12/2018 15:13:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQYg"	NA	NA
"London Market Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"London Market Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A Lloyd's market insurance company is seeking a part-qualified actuary to join their pricing team.  Working on areas such as individual case pricing, portfolio analysis, model development, optimisation and model parameterisation; this is a role that will provide excellent exposure to the underwriting section of this business. You will have opportunities to engage with the capital team and assist with reserving as needed.  You will be making good progress with the actuarial exams, have non-life experience and be interested in pricing. Your non-life experience could come from the London market, personal/smaller commercial lines, consultancy, broking etc. Pricing experience across any business lines would be useful, but those who can learn new concepts quickly from reserving or capital are encouraged to apply.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Arthur Financial"	"Arthur Financial"	"JS7286_84997/592939057"	"02/12/2018 07:45:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDCe"	NA	NA
"Head of Reserving - Non-life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Reserving - Non-life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading London Market managing agency has a fantastic opportunity for a qualified non-life actuary with extensive Lloyd's reserving experience to manage the reserving workstream of the actuarial function and oversee future development under Solvency II.With detailed knowledge of Solvency II regulations and developments alongside excellent interpersonal and people management skills, the successful candidate will possess advanced knowledge of VBA, ResQ and SQL, alongside MS packages.Contact us now for more information on this exciting leadership position."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5312/593978944"	"03/12/2018 14:20:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP1q"	NA	NA
"Reserving Analyst - Supporting the Head of Department"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst - Supporting the Head of Department"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading insurer to locate a Part-Qualified Actuary to join their Reserving team.  The opportunity: Provide actuarial analysis to support the assessment of claims reserves Join a leading insurer in the general insurance market Support the Head of Department in ensuring key controls are exercised to mitigate risks Produce timely and accurate actuarial management information Excellent actuarial study support The individual: Part-Qualified Actuary with experience in general insurance work Good knowledge of IT skills including experience using SAS Ability to work under pressure with strong attention to detail"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82280/592938895"	"02/12/2018 07:45:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDCK"	NA	NA
"Lead Analyst - Pricing (Life)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Analyst - Pricing (Life)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a part-qualified or qualified life actuary with knowledge of capital management and investments to support the pricing of the Group's current product portfolio and also to assist in the development of new products. In this key role, you will provide support in developing, calibrating and documenting assumption methodologies and parameters, including minimum pricing parameters. In addition, you will assist with maintaining up-to-date pricing frameworks for all products, and reviewing the pricing approach for new products and assessing relevant risk exposures to the group. With pricing & products understanding, the successful candidate will possess strong analytical and modelling skills. Skills in Mo.NET, Moses and Access/SQL experience advantageous. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85033/592938915"	"02/12/2018 07:13:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCcD"	NA	NA
"Insurance Risk Analyst"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Insurance Risk Analyst"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"An international insurance group is looking to hire an ambitious actuarial analyst with hands-on Solvency II and insurance risk experience. Experience of modelling, as well as data transformation, manipulation and validation will be helpful. SAS, SQL and Access will also be an advantage in this role. "	"South East, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82383/592938617"	"02/12/2018 07:13:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCcB"	NA	NA
"Head of Methodology and Assumptions"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Methodology and Assumptions"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"This is an excellent opportunity for a Qualified Actuary to join as a brand new Head of Methodology and Assumptions. You will be a key contact in the communication between the Risk and Finance teams, This team will be responsible for reviewing data from the Risk team and proposing and implementing changes to financial assumptions, You will also play an important role in any new transformation or transactions work, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a Life Insurance background, Methodology & assumptions setting experience would be highly advantageous Any market or credit risk experience would also be useful, "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82529/592939032"	"01/12/2018 14:26:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk412"	NA	NA
"Capital Modeller - London Market"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Modeller - London Market"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Leading provider of London Market solutions seeks a part-qualified non-life actuary to develop and maintain the syndicate's ReMetrica Capital model and the related IT infrastructure. Supporting the Internal Model structure including individual risk models and aggregation models, you will assist in developing the model, output review and preparation of management information. You will also ssist in the regular parameterisation and validation of the model, collecting data whilst updating for input data and assumptions, modelling and reporting. In addition, you will engage the business in promoting the use of the capital modelling throughout the company including assisting in running scenarios to optimise business planning and future reinsurance purchase. A general understanding of capital modelling is required whilse experience of model building and capital modelling techniques is advantageous.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82858/592938986"	"01/12/2018 14:11:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bA"	NA	NA
"Pricing Analyst, Central London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Analyst, Central London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading P&C insurer to source a Part-Qualified Actuary to join their Pricing team. The opportunity: Assist in optimising the performance of the portfolio through regular analysis of Experience Provide actuarial support for regulatory reporting Work alongside underwriters Very business facing, with high exposure to senior stakeholders Monthly peer reviews of Actuarial Pricing metrics The individual: Part-Qualified Actuary with relevant GI Pricing experience Strong IT skills Excellent communication skills Experience in A&H is an advantage"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85030/592938917"	"02/12/2018 07:45:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDCZ"	NA	NA
"Senior Capital Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Capital Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A reputable Lloyd's syndicate is searching for a part qualified senior actuarial analyst to join their Capital Modelling team.Responsibilities of this role include analysing, developing and maintaining the syndicate's Capital Models, as well as management information, keeping the models in line with SII requirements. The candidate must be a proactive individual, able to develop reports. They must have excellent communication skills, often liaising with Senior Management and Stakeholders.The candidate must be a graduate in a numerate discipline and preferably a part-qualified actuary, with basic VBA skills. At least 2-3 years' experience is required within the Capital Modelling industry. The candidate must have experience in using Igloo.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_84989/592938980"	"01/12/2018 14:32:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5AG"	NA	"Graduate"
"Specialist Motor Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Specialist Motor Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a specialist General Insurer to source a Part Qualified Actuary or Pricing Analyst to join the Motor Pricing team across Retail and Commercial lines.  The opportunity: Use new actuarial and data science techniques to improve pricing models Liaise with other departments to ensure pricing meets its aims Role has come around due to team growth The individual: Part Qualified Actuary Strong knowledge of Emblem Prior experience in pricing is necessary "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82528/592938207"	"01/12/2018 14:16:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4k3"	NA	NA
"Sales in Risk"	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Sales in Risk"	"London - £ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Seeking an experienced, business savvy consultant/sales person with IFRS17 experience and actuarial knowledge (you do not need to have taken the exams) to take on a sales role in risk consulting."	"London, UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197434/592930835"	"01/12/2018 14:14:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4hT"	NA	NA
"Capital Analyst - IGLOO"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Analyst - IGLOO"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Capital Analyst (Igloo) A leading Lloyd's of London Syndicate are seeking an actuarial analyst to join their market leading Capital team. The focus of the successful candidate will be to assist with the maintenance and development of the internal model as well as running high speed simulations. A number of duties include: - Parameterisation of the internal model. - Work closely alongside all areas of the business. - Interpreting results and producing reports to the key members of the business. - Developing and running the internal model to meet both business needs and external requirements. - Preparation and submission of Lloyd's capital return and with the PRA and Lloyd's for the Economic Capital Assessment. - Group level model runs. - Assisting the internal model validation team. - Maintain documentation.From you they are looking for: - 1-3+ Years of experience in capital modelling (IGLOO). - Igloo coding experience. - Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. - Aptitude for coding and a keen eye for detail. - Ability to simplify key information and present it to stakeholders. - A good team player as well as self starter. - Programming language would be useful. - Solvency ii and Lloyd's experience. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_83901/594974305"	"03/12/2018 16:37:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRc1"	NA	NA
"Reserving Analyst"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A hands-on role in an international insurance business for an actuarial candidate with extensive experience of claims reserving. You will have a good handle of modelling and analysis work, with a track record of producing quality documentation. Familiarity with SAS, SQL, Excel and VBA will be essential for success in the role. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82241/592938268"	"03/12/2018 15:16:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQaD"	NA	NA
"Work for a Global Insurer on their IFRS17 - Risk Managerial Role"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Work for a Global Insurer on their IFRS17 - Risk Managerial Role"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a Global insurer in their search for a senior qualified actuary to join their team working on IFRS17 in the Risk sector. In this role you will be responsible for driving the implementation of the actuarial aspects of IFRS17 on behalf of the Insurer's Chief Actuary. The Opportunity: Be given autonomy to make decisions for the business in regards to IFRS17. Work on a new accounting standard that is the cutting edge of actuarial analysis. Establish yourself and be known as the go-to expert in the new accounting standard. Work closely with stakeholders and senior managers and established clients. Advance your skills and challenge your capabilities in the actuarial field. Ideal Candidate: Significant Post-Qualified Experience A background in Risk Previous stakeholder and managerial experience Proven track record of success  To discuss this role further, or to discuss your career options please submit your CV or contact Jessica Hay at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners have access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency.  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85243/594974241"	"03/12/2018 14:02:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPoO"	NA	NA
"Reserving Analyst - International Insurer"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst - International Insurer"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Commercial Lines Insurer to recruit a Part-Qualified Actuary to join their Reserving team. The opportunity:  Provide support to on-going reserving and finance related projects Support communication of reserve review results to senior management Assist with the production of reports and quarterly reserving meetings Improve reserving and SII modelling processes through the development of automated tools International insurer - opportunity to potentially move to other offices The individual: Reasonable exam progress (all CT's completed) Good knowledge of GI Reserving Preferred experience in ResQ Knowledge of regulations (SII, IFRS) "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85109/592939013"	"02/12/2018 07:45:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDCI"	NA	NA
"Big 4 Assistant Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Big 4 Assistant Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading consultancy to source a Part Qualified Actuary to join as Assistant Manager.  The opportunity:  Provide technical input to a number of projects Support senior management when required Take part in reserving, capital and pricing projects Draft reports and presentations Meet a variety of clients across the London Market The individual: Part Qualified Actuary with strong exam progress (all CT's passed) At least 3 years' experience in General Insurance Good communication skills Excellent stakeholder management skills  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85023/592938356"	"02/12/2018 07:13:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCbw"	NA	NA
"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior GI Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has an exciting vacancy for a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with experience in P&C pricing to build best practice statistical models to predict claim costs and expenses. In this key role, you will create technical pricing tools used to monitor risk mix and expected loss ratios whilst designing and improving geographic and vehicle classification factors. With a detailed understanding of appropriate statistical techniques for multivariate modelling and geographical classification, the successful candidate will also possess advanced level knowledge of pricing software. Knowledge of tools such as SAS, R, Python is desirable."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82435/592938462"	"02/12/2018 07:12:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCbg"	NA	NA
"GI Pricing Manager - North"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"GI Pricing Manager - North"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has an exciting opportunity for a part-qualified or qualified non-life actuary with a high level of pricing experience to develop and deliver the new business customer pricing strategy through ownership of the end-to-end pricing process. With excellent communication and negotiating skills, the successful candidate will possess excellent knowledge of statistical analysis tools and techniques eg Access, SAS, Microsoft Excel (including Visual Basic) and Generalised Linear Modelling. Earnix and/or Radar experience a plus. Flexible working arrangements are available for this role."	"Leeds, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85086/592938345"	"02/12/2018 07:12:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCbZ"	NA	NA
"Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Manager"	"Reigate, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Personal Lines insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join as Pricing Manager.  The opportunity: Deliver accurate statistical modelling of Personal lines products using GLM analysis Manage a team of direct reports Research and implement improvements to the claims modelling process Manage a growing team The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary with previous experience in management  Good IT skills Pricing background Excellent communication skills "	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82725/592938566"	"01/12/2018 14:26:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk42I"	NA	NA
"Model Validation - London Market"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Model Validation - London Market"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading general insurer to source a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join the Capital team. The opportunity: Join a growing team within the business Model validation work- acting as the point of contact to the independent validators Projects within capital modelling also  Highly business facing Excellent opportunity for personal growth The individual: Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary Experience in model validation"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85094/592939145"	"01/12/2018 14:17:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4nd"	NA	NA
"Casualty Insurance Analyst (Pricing)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Casualty Insurance Analyst (Pricing)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Leading global provider of reinsurance solutions has a fantastic opportunity for a part-qualified GI actuary to help to develop the casualty pricing tools and price individual deals to enable the organization to make informed commercial decisions. Working very closely with underwriters and the Senior Casualty Insurance Analyst, you will perform the necessary qualitative, numerical and actuarial analysis on Casualty and Specialty deals, leading to underwriting recommendations.  You will also continuously improve the selection and pricing of risks through the development of new pricing models and the refinement of existing tools. In addition, you will collaborate with the underwriting team to assess the profitability and risk profile of new business and the impact on the overall portfolio.  With experience in pricing a wide range of casualty insurance lines including general casualty and professional liability lines, the successful candidate will also possess strong communication and interpersonal skills. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85056/592939053"	"01/12/2018 14:16:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4lY"	NA	NA
"Deputy to the Head of Reserving - Leading Insurer"	"GBP"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Deputy to the Head of Reserving - Leading Insurer"	"Southampton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading insurer to source a Nearly Qualified Actuary to join their reserving team in the regional office. The opportunity: Excellent opportunity to manage a small team, offering a step up in responsibility Take part in IFRS17 projects in the future Study support is offered  The individual: Nearly Qualified actuary Background in GI Excellent communicator To discuss this role please submit your CV. Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency."	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82349/592938961"	"01/12/2018 14:15:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4it"	NA	NA
"FIA Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Reigate, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"FIA Pricing Manager"	"Reigate, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading Personal Lines insurer to source a Qualified Actuary to join their pricing team at Manager grade. The opportunity: Coach and mentor direct reports Utilise GLM analysis to deliver accurate statistical modelling of personal lines products Communicate results of the statistical modelling to senior management Rapidly growing company, exciting time of growth  The individual: Qualified Actuary with previous experience in Pricing Experience in management (formal or informal) is an advantage Good verbal communication skills Strong knowledge of pricing software"	"Reigate, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82882/592938094"	"01/12/2018 14:14:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4hK"	NA	NA
"Capital Analyst - Tyche"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Analyst - Tyche"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Capital Analyst (Tyche) A leading growing London Market business are seeking an actuarial analyst to join their high calibre Capital team. The focus of the successful candidate will be to learn every aspect of Capital modelling and report directly in to the Head of Capital A number of duties include: - Parameterisation of the internal model. - Work closely alongside all areas of the business. - Interpreting results and producing reports to the key members of the business. - Developing and running the internal model to meet both business needs and external requirements. - Regulatory requirements. - Assisting the internal model validation team. - Maintain documentation.From you they are looking for: - 1-3 year's actuarial experience but Capital modelling not essential. - Coding experience would be beneficial. - Extremely keen to learn all aspects of Capital modelling to a high level. - Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. - Aptitude for coding and a keen eye for detail. - Ability to simplify key information and present it to stakeholders. - A good team player as well as self starter. - Programming language would be useful. - Solvency ii experience would be beneficial. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82327/592939082"	"01/12/2018 14:14:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4gn"	NA	NA
"Interim - Capital Aggregation Project - London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Capital Aggregation Project - London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in London in the search for an Actuarial Contractor to join their Capital team on a 6 month assignment. You will be joining a Capital Aggregation project.  You must have experience in either of the following areas: Proxy Modelling Capital Modelling Model Validation  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85115/592938823"	"01/12/2018 14:33:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5Cq"	NA	NA
"Surrey Based Qualified Reporting Manager"	"GBP"	"Dorking, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Surrey Based Qualified Reporting Manager"	"Dorking, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a specialist Life Insurer who are looking for a Qualified Actuary join and take on a key role in running the Reporting team. You will be leading on the production of SII reports, Take on the responsibility of responding to the PRA, face off to senior management in committee meetings and present board papers, This role sits in a small finance function and you will be responsible for the reporting process from start to finish, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a strong background in Life Insurance Reporting, Excellent communication skills, "	"Dorking, Surrey, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82799/592938844"	"01/12/2018 14:15:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4iZ"	NA	NA
"Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A leading London market insurer, which is part of a global insurance company, is seeking a qualified actuary to lead a considerable part of their reserving function.  Providing leadership and motivation to a team of analysts, this role will be responsible for reserving output for a selection of large commercial lines. A key part of the role is liaising with senior management, including underwriters and being an active member of the reserve committee.  Reporting into the head of reserving, you will have the autonomy to structure your team and ensure ongoing development. This will include training and that the most up to date processes are being followed.  Ideally you will be a qualified actuary and have significant reserving experience.Lloyd's market experience is advantageous but not essential, but wanting people leadership as part of your role is a must.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Arthur Financial"	"Arthur Financial"	"JS7286_84996/592939015"	"01/12/2018 14:14:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4h7"	NA	NA
"Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Pricing Manager"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A successful Leeds based insurer are looking to hire a Pricing Manager into their growing Actuarial Team. The successful candidate will play a key role in guiding the pricing strategy for the business, identifying opportunities to develop pricing capability across a wide range of products and managing a team of Analysts.This is an excellent opportunity for both an existing manager seeking a new challenge or for an experienced Analyst looking to progress. The salary and package for this position is highly competitive and will be discussed on application.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"Leeds, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_85052/592938978"	"01/12/2018 14:11:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4b5"	NA	NA
"Head of Pricing"	"GBP"	"South West"	"Permanent"	"Head of Pricing"	"South West - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A rapidly developing insurance firm with considerable growth prospects is looking to achieve their ambitious strategy through the hire of an actuary with technical pricing expertise to lead the further development of their in-house team. This is a hands-on and commercial role working alongside the business leadership. Personal lines experience and a deep understanding of the insurance market is a must, together with excellent technical actuarial and modelling abilities."	"South West, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82844/592939021"	"02/12/2018 07:48:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDE6"	NA	NA
"Risk Pricing Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Risk Pricing Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently assisting a FTSE 100 life insurer with their search for a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Pricing team. The purpose of this role is to support the end to end delivery of assumption setting process. Further responsibilities include: Deliver robust pricing and reporting assumptions in line with stakeholders' expectations. Support the improvement of reinsurance arrangements by providing experience data for reinsurance tenders. Assist in the development of the product range by carrying out experience investigation and adhoc analyses. Present and communicate changes to the wider team and stakeholders The ideal candidate will be a Nearly/Newly Qualified Actuary. Prior experience within pricing is required. Knowledge of Protection products is advantageous."	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82477/592938782"	"02/12/2018 07:48:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDEt"	NA	NA
"Head of Capital"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Capital"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a client with exciting growth plans for its Capital and Actuarial teams, to bring them to the forefront of modern techniques and processes. We are recruiting for a Head of Capital, offering a fabulous development opportunity for a creative thinker seeking to take the next step on their career-ladder, taking charge of a team during a period of expansion, change and modernisation. As part of this key role, you will oversee the transition arising from the recent migration to Tyche from Igloo, giving you a blank slate with which to work. The successful candidate will have excellent interpersonal skills as you will be in regular communication and contact with key people within and outside of the business. Experience of SII and ORSA modelling and SII standard formula also essential. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82832/592938988"	"01/12/2018 14:30:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48X"	NA	NA
"Interim - Credit Model Spreadsheet Development - Midlands"	"GBP"	"Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Credit Model Spreadsheet Development - Midlands"	"Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in the Midlands in the search for an Actuarial Contractor to join them on an assignment. You will be responsible for developing Credit Rating Models in Excel. Credit knowledge would be beneficial, not essential. Spreadsheet development experience is a must.   "	"Midlands, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85112/592939051"	"01/12/2018 14:30:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk477"	NA	NA
"Interim - Protection Reinsurance - Scotland"	"GBP"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Interim - Protection Reinsurance - Scotland"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a Life Insurer based in Scotland in the search for a Qualified Actuary to join their Protection Reinsurance team.  You will be joining a team responsible for analysing these treaties and making recommendations for their future treatment. This will require collation and validation of data, modelling of the financial dynamics of the treaties and the drafting of proposals to be taken through governance committees You will be a Qualified Actuary with experience working within Protection Reinsurance.  "	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82507/592939129"	"01/12/2018 14:16:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4ki"	NA	NA
"Head of Modelling"	"GBP"	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Head of Modelling"	"Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	" A leading life insurer is seeking to hire a Head of Modelling to take responsibility for the integrity of all of their models utilised by their actuarial team. This includes analytical models in different forms and different languages and all the processes surrounding the operation of the models. The role carries significant people management responsibilities, and a key requirement of the role is the ability to motivate, inspire and develop staff. You will also act as deputy to the Chief Actuary in respect of all modelling elements. Flexible working arrangements can be considered. Please contact Bradley Grant on or email for more information "	"Hampshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82883/592939154"	"03/12/2018 17:20:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAc"	NA	NA
"Senior Capital Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Capital Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a leading international general insurer in their search for a part or nearly qualified Senior Capital Analyst to join their actuarial and risk team. The role will work across end-to-end capital modelling, joining at an exciting time of transformation and change for the business Key Responsibilities: Model runs, maintenance, updates (Igloo) Validation (Lloyd's and the PRA) Presenting and communicating to key stakeholders  Mentoring and coaching junior colleagues Key Competencies: Part or nearly qualified Actuary, with previous Capital experience  Strong communication skills Ongoing progress through the actuarial exams (study support offered) To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV or contact Georgia Bustin at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85222/594974287"	"03/12/2018 15:12:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXz"	NA	NA
"Strategic Pricing Leader"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Strategic Pricing Leader"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A strategic and commercial role working with key stakeholders across a global business, this highly visible position is an exciting opportunity for a pricing actuary with excellent technical and interpersonal abilities to step into a business critical role. Working across a range of existing and developing products, you will assist in providing solutions across all aspects of pricing including reinsurance, retail, risk, incentive programmes, underwriting and more. In this project-style role, your technical actuarial expertise and thought leadership will provide key inputs into the product development process, as well as guiding model use and improvements. Contact us now to learn more about this senior opportunity. Lance Randles, Partner M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85182/594974276"	"03/12/2018 14:19:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0r"	NA	NA
"Big 4 Senior Manager - Variation of Projects"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Big 4 Senior Manager - Variation of Projects"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working to recruit Qualified Actuaries to join as Senior Managers in the Big Four consultancies.  The opportunity: Provide high quality advisory service to clients Lead client engagement teams Win new business through marketing, building upon relationships Provide actuarial support to the junior members of the team The individual: Qualified Actuary with GI background Strong communication skills Experience in a client facing role is essential  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82515/592939128"	"02/12/2018 07:48:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDE1"	NA	NA
"Head of Life"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Life"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"An exciting vacancy has come up within the Reporting team of a global insurer based in Central London. They are looking for a qualified actuary who will be responsible for delivering the financial results through a team of student actuaries. You will also be involved in a variety of interesting projects and working with a wide product range. Day to day duties include:Ensuring the delivery of quarterly financial resultsBuilding a strong understanding of the portfolio of products in order to make recommendations on how to improve business performanceBeing instrumental in improving the quality and efficiency of the reserving processPresenting the UK results to senior stakeholders across the businessThis role offers great career opportunities and they are looking for an ambitious individual who will look to progress within the next 12 - 24 months to the next level. Excellent remuneration package and benefits, based in the heart of the City. In order to be considered, you will be a technically minded actuary with strong communication skills and the ability to explain complex work to stakeholders at all levels. Your background will be in reporting/reserving and you will have extensive experience in the Life Insurance market. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82248/592939045"	"02/12/2018 07:13:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCcZ"	NA	NA
"Prophet Development Contractor - Life"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Prophet Development Contractor - Life"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer is seeking a talented contractor with strong Prophet model development experience to design and build Prophet model solutions to meet customer requirements, testing and validating the impacts of the model change and documenting the change. Actuarial qualification desired but not compulsory, although a strong background in life and pensions and a deep understanding of the wider reporting process is essential. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. Louis Manson, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  Antony Buxton FIA, Managing Director M : (0) T : (0) E :  "	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85042/592938913"	"03/12/2018 15:19:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQcP"	NA	NA
"Strategy Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Strategy Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"The client is looking for someone with a commercial, business mindset to join their strategy team. The successful candidate will have a good insight to the Life Insurance industry and a desire to move away from the technical aspects of actuarial work and into a front line role.  Using analysis and assessment of key performance indicators you will work with a team of MI Analysts to review metrics across sales, new business, customer insight and finance. From these investigations you will then work with the Executive team to review strategy and make recommendations to move the business forward. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"HFG"	"HFG"	"JS7286_82808/592938395"	"02/12/2018 15:11:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFLt"	NA	NA
"Reserving Manager"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Manager"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Excellent opportunity to join a high-profile as Reserving Manager leading a team. This is a genuine leadership role within the business reporting directly to the Head of Reserving.The business view their Actuarial team in extremely high regard and they see the reserving analysis as being crucial to the view of profitability. Excellent opportunity to join a high-profile as Reserving Manager leading a team. This is a genuine leadership role within the business reporting directly to the Head of Reserving.The business view their Actuarial team in extremely high regard and they see the reserving analysis as being crucial to the view of profitability. "	"City, London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_84991/592938518"	"01/12/2018 14:33:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5CA"	NA	NA
"Longevity Risk Senior Consultant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Longevity Risk Senior Consultant"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A leading global risk management consultancy who are at the forefront of driving cutting edge industry innovations across the life insurance sector are seeking to hire a qualified actuary to become their Longevity Risk - Senior Consultant, based in London. In this role as a Longevity Risk Senior Consultant you will play a leading role in consulting with prospective clients and on pitches. You will become an expert in the services/products offered. Typical solutions are wide ranging and cover areas such as:Leading (or participating) in the quantitative aspects of client consulting projects in which you will assess excess mortality and longevity risk;Cash flow modellingStructuring support for swaps and securitisations (including exposure to asset managers, banks, reinsurerOptimising reinsurance structuresDriving changes in underwriting practicesIdeally you will be a qualified actuary with a strong client manner/communication style. Prior consulting experience isn't necessary although you will be able to demonstrate an excellent client manner in networking. Expertise in longevity/mortality is not a pre-requisite although any exposure would be useful (but not essential). You will be meeting with CROs, Chief Actuaries and Head of Pricing/Research at life insurers in this position. Projects will range from assessing the risk in an insurer's portfolio to supporting capital market transactions. You will be a qualified actuary with modelling experience from either life insurance or pensions.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Goodman Masson"	"Goodman Masson"	"JS7286_82639/592939121"	"01/12/2018 14:29:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk46g"	NA	NA
"Capital Analyst - syndicate"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Capital Analyst - syndicate"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are currently working with a leading Syndicate client in their search for a Capital Analyst to join their Capital Modelling function. The role will suit a part-qualified Actuary with some experience in general insurance and a sound technical background - someone who is looking to hone their technical expertise in a well-regarded Capital and Risk team, and within the Lloyd's market. The role will be a technical and hands-on position involving use of Igloo. The Opportunity: Maintenance of the Capital Model (Igloo) - any Igloo coding, or relevant software/programming experience preferred. Parameterisation, validation and reporting on the Capital Model Opportunity to begin or continue actuarial study, and learn from an experienced team  Essential Requirements: Industry experience - at least 1 years' experience in a general insurance actuarial team  Ideal candidates will be part qualified Actuaries with some actuarial exemptions/passes. Communication skills will be essential for building relationships throughout the business (underwriters, brokers, management).  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82279/592938947"	"01/12/2018 14:16:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4kF"	NA	NA
"Interim General Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Interim General Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"The Organisation Our client is a UK based General Insurer who is developing new products and business lines. Role and Responsibilities An interim General Pricing Analyst is required to work as a subject matter expert for a GI provider and act as the pricing analyst/actuary for Motor or Home Lines The interim General Pricing Analyst will: Look into T&Cs, competitor analysis, product development, details of product lines and what's included to be a de-facto 5x provider  This is for an initial six to eight-week consulting period, and is based in Central London.  The Desired Applicant The interim General Pricing Analyst will: Have pricing analyst or actuarial experience within Motor or Home lines Be immediately available or on short notice How to Apply Interested applicants should log in/register and upload an up to date CV. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Russam GMS Ltd"	"Russam GMS Ltd"	"JS1509647/587064303"	"29/11/2018 11:42:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhw3"	NA	NA
"Reporting Manager in an Ambitious Life Insurer"	"GBP"	"Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Reporting Manager in an Ambitious Life Insurer"	"Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We are working with an impressive Life insurer in Surrey who are looking to hire a new Reporting Manager. This role sits within a growing team and you will be responsible for managing aspects of the reporting process from start to finish, You will be responsible for facing off to the PRA and regularly presenting results to executives and the board, Continuously investigate and implement process improvements, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a Life Insurance background, Strong reporting skills across SII and IFRS, Excellent communication skills,  To discuss this role please submit your CV or contact Oliver England at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"Surrey, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82276/592938948"	"03/12/2018 15:15:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQZ2"	NA	NA
"Excellent opportunity for a Capital analyst to join growing run-off ac"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Excellent opportunity for a Capital analyst to join growing run-off ac"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a fast-growing run-off acquirer in their search for a Solvency II Capital Analyst. The opportunity: Wide variety of complex work: calculating the Solvency II balance sheets and producing reports to the UK and Irish regulators - the role will evolve and develop as the team continues to grow Highly business-facing role: interaction with actuarial, risk, M&A, and finance Excellent exposure to senior-stakeholders: Report into a Senior Actuary and Head of Department who then reports directly into the Chief Actuary Basic salary: c.£45,000 dependent on experience The ideal candidate: Actuarial student Experience of Solvency II Standard Formula ReMetrica abilities preferred but not essential A degree in Mathematics, Statistics or Actuarial Science with excellent academic background To discuss this role, or to explore your career options, please submit your CV or contact Daisy Hector in confidence on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_85224/594974271"	"03/12/2018 15:12:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQX2"	NA	NA
"Data Science/Pricing - Based in Central London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Science/Pricing - Based in Central London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Central London insurer to source a Part Qualified with a keen interest in Data Science to join the Technical pricing team. The opportunity: Excellent chance to join a specialist niche insurer Work across various lines of business, including commercial Learn and use machine learning/data science techniques to enhance pricing Use R and Python Actuarial study support can be offered for those who want it The individual: Junior analyst with pricing experience Experience in R and Python is an advantage To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV or contact Hannah Turner at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83939/592939017"	"03/12/2018 15:07:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQTe"	NA	NA
"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading London Market firm has a unique opportunity for a talented data specialist with excellent analytical and computer skills to provide support for broker and client data and reporting requirements.In this key role, you will continually assess the ideal report creation strategy and manage the reporting suite for distribution.You will also use system data, reporting and visualization tools to proactively identify opportunities and trends, bridging the gap between actuarial findings and distribution strategy in relation to brokers.With a passion for finding streamlined and less complex solutions to data gathering, analysis and reporting, the successful candidate will possessexperience of Microsoft Power BI. Experience of Seismic a plus.Contact us now for more information."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5178/593978803"	"03/12/2018 14:16:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPyW"	NA	NA
"Lead Associate - Life Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Associate - Life Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Salary: Highly CompetitiveClosing Date: 27th November 2018As a Lead Associate specializing in financial modelling you will work beside some of the industry's top thought leaders designing and implementing cutting-edge solutions to challenges faced by the world's leading insurers. The Role Your main responsibilities will be as follows: Clients Provide life actuarial consulting to clients, focused on financial modelling, including:Advanced financial modelling approaches and systems Finance Transformation Regulatory changes, including Solvency II and IFRS17 Deliver superior, consistent project management for assigned clients Interface with colleagues from other practices and regions on assignments that reflect the client's broader business issues Develop a trusted advisor relationship with client contacts through effective communication and efficient, quality execution of projects Demonstrate commitment to Towers Watson professional standards in managing analyses and in communications with clients Thought leadershipLead or contribute to the development of the company's intellectual capital including plans for taking this to market Think issues through and devise new approaches for creating opportunities Establish a public reputation in a chosen specialism through the production of articles and presentations Financial and business development Meet goals for billable hours, intellectual capital development, and revenue generation Develop and present proposals to potential clients, demonstrating the economic value of the company's offerings Use contacts within current network to obtain introductions to new contacts; work to develop supporters for company's products and services People Build relationships internally and collaborate effectively on cross-functional teams Demonstrate natural ease and effectiveness when dealing with clients/colleagues at all levels Serve as manager or mentor to more junior associates The Requirements Consistent experience in a consulting or financial services firm, with a focus on life insurance  Experience or interest in selling projects to insurance/financial institutions Depth of experience in financial modelling, to include knowledge of RAFM (RiskAgility Financial Modeller) and Algo Financial Modeler. Experience of model consolidation work Experience of changing or implementing actuarial reporting processes. Knowledge of Solvency II reporting requirements.  Demonstrable breadth of knowledge across multiple service areas Deep understanding of economic/market issues and the ability to interpret their impact on clients Proven experience successfully managing projects and producing quality deliverables on time and within budget Strong client relationship, interpersonal and team skills Well-developed verbal communication skills Self-starter attitude and ability to work within ambiguity Flexibility and proven ability to diagnose and resolve issues Strong analytical and creative skills Enjoy training/mentoring junior staff The ability to see the \"big picture,\" leveraging the resources of related practices to address the clients' business challenges Excellent MS Office knowledge Availability to travel on an as needed basis, domestically and internationally Qualified actuary with FIA/FFA qualification or international equivalent The CompanyWillis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas - the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential.  Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer  Willis Towers Watson believes that effectively managing a diverse workforce is vital to our business strategy. We have an obligation to our organization, ourselves and our clients to hire and develop the best people we can find. We will continually review our policies and practices to ensure that all areas of the employment process (including recruiting, hiring, work assignments, compensation, benefits, promotions, transfers, company-sponsored development programs and overall workplace experience) are free from discriminatory practices. We are committed to equal employment opportunities at Willis Towers Watson. Unsolicited Contact:  Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Willis Towers Watson are considered property of Willis Towers Watson and are not subject to payment of agency fees. In order to be an authorized Recruitment Agency/Search Firm for Willis Towers Watson, any such agency must have an existing formal written agreement signed by an authorized Willis Towers Watson recruiter and an active working relationship with the organization. Resumes must be submitted according to our candidate submission process, which includes being actively engaged on the particular search. Likewise, for our authorized Recruitment Agencies/Search Firms, if the candidate submission process is not followed, no agency fees will be paid by Willis Towers Watson. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer.Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8827829/593978064"	"03/12/2018 14:09:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPtg"	NA	NA
"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Specialist - Insurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Leading London Market firm has a unique opportunity for a talented data specialist with excellent analytical and computer skills to provide support for broker and client data and reporting requirements. In this key role, you will continually assess the ideal report creation strategy and manage the reporting suite for distribution. You will also use system data, reporting and visualization tools to proactively identify opportunities and trends, bridging the gap between actuarial findings and distribution strategy in relation to brokers. With a passion for finding streamlined and less complex solutions to data gathering, analysis and reporting, the successful candidate will possessexperience of Microsoft Power BI. Experience of Seismic a plus.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_83915/592938697"	"02/12/2018 07:49:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDF4"	NA	NA
"Manager- Big 4 Consultancy - Project based role, opportunity to work"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Manager- Big 4 Consultancy - Project based role, opportunity to work"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are assisting a market-leading Big Four Consultancy with their search for Qualified Actuaries at the Manager level. The opportunity: Join a market-leading consultancy to work on a range of projects - areas such as IFRS17, Capital Management, M&A, Change and Modelling Senior stakeholder engagement and client relationship maintenance Potential to work overseas due to the company's global presence Strong salary package, including car allowance Great opportunities for career progression Flexible working on offer Ideal candidate: Newly Qualified up to Senior Qualified Actuary Previous experience working within a UK Life Insurer or Consultancy Experience within at least 1 core service area Strong communication skills. Ambitious and reliable  "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82810/592938927"	"02/12/2018 07:47:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDD6"	NA	NA
"Senior Risk Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"My client is looking for a Senior Risk Analyst to join a dynamic team within the London market. The role will be focused around model validation, technical reviews and evaluation of pricing models. This role requires someone technically strong and that has a strong work ethic. The ideal candidate will have GI experience of risk management, ideally within the Lloyd's market. Candidates with an actuarial background are preferred and those with the ability to communicate articulate matters well, will have a clear advantage. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Bolton Associates"	"Bolton Associates"	"JS7286_85048/592939055"	"01/12/2018 14:32:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5AT"	NA	NA
"Syndicate Capital Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Syndicate Capital Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a leading general insurer, is looking for a part-qualified Capital Analyst to join their central London office. The role will sit within Capital and Risk, with exposure to a wide range of workstreams. Our client is looking for a technically excellent analyst who is eager to continue their career in a diverse syndicate capital role. Key Responsibilities: Model maintenance, runs and updates (Igloo) Support the team on all matters relating to internal model validation and necessary regulatory reporting Key Requirements: General insurance experience Capital background preferred  Ongoing progress through the Actuarial exams Excellent verbal and written communication skills "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82519/592939127"	"01/12/2018 14:32:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk5AK"	NA	NA
"Head of Longevity Business Development - Lead on Winning New Business"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Longevity Business Development - Lead on Winning New Business"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leading Reinsurer and manage all new business development activities for the Longevity team. You will be responsible for maintaining current client relationships and lead on wining new business, Work closely with the wider Longevity team to tailor solutions to attract new clients, Take the lead on deal execution, Resolve and issues with existing clients, Along with other senior Longevity Actuary you will play a key role is setting the companies Longevity strategy, The ideal candidate will be a Qualified Actuary with a background in Life or Pensions, Proven track record of Marketing and/or business development within Industry or Consulting, A background in Reinsurance would be advantageous, Good understanding of the Longevity and Annuity market, "	"London, UK"	"Finance, Sales and Marketing"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82878/592939106"	"01/12/2018 14:31:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk49Q"	NA	NA
"International Risk Manager"	"£ competitive benefits package"	"London"	"Permanent"	"International Risk Manager"	"London - £ competitive benefits package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Join this international business in a unique role covering both insurance and financial risk, whilst being involved in tasks across multiple areas of the business, which could include capital and reserving, pricing, investment, as well as regulatory aspects.  An ability to develop fruitful relationships with stakeholders across the business is a must, as is experience of managing insurance or financial risk in an insurance context, ideally with general insurance exposure and strong Solvency II knowledge. Study support is available for candidates who are yet to qualify as an actuary. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ competitive benefits package"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197432/592930841"	"01/12/2018 14:30:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk48G"	NA	NA
"Senior Consultant - European Travel - Consultancy (non-big 4)"	""	"London or Brussels"	"Permanent"	"Senior Consultant - European Travel - Consultancy (non-big 4)"	"London or Brussels"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Exclusive: Senior ConsultantI am working exclusively with a well known prestigious Management Consultancy (non-Big 4) as they seek to appoint a Senior Consultant to their growing team.Candidates must be nearly/newly qualified actuaries with 4-5 years experience from a consulting background.This is a newly created role focusing on cutting edge actuarial topics within insurance, asset management and banking.This role can be based in either London or Brussels, and will have extensive travel throughout Europe.For a confidential discussion, please apply now."	"London or Brussels, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Oliver James Associates"	"Oliver James Associates"	"JS7286_82408/592939132"	"01/12/2018 14:29:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk46D"	NA	NA
"Investigations - Managers - High Profile Organisation- London -"	"Negotiable GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Investigations - Managers - High Profile Organisation- London -"	"London - Negotiable GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"The investigations team of this high profile organisation, are recruiting talented investigation managers to be part of a small but growing team and work on a range of high profile assignments. Role  Identifying sources of evidence and requesting provision of documentation and information  Working with internal experts to identify relevant accounting, audit, actuarial or professional standards, and ensuring a thorough understanding of technical issues  Conducting the review of material obtained in the course of the investigation including use of electronic search platforms  Preparation and conduct of formal investigatory interviews  Preparation of objective reports of investigation findings Requirements The ideal candidate will be a qualified accountant with forensic accounting experience, who understands the requirements of working in a multi-disciplinary team in a contentious legal environment. Ability to identify key investigative issues Ability to explain complicated technical concepts to non-finance professionals Good written and verbal communication skills Accurate, organised and able to manage large volumes of data efficiently Enthusiastic and flexible, with a good team player ethic. "	"London, UK"	"Military"	NA	"Negotiable GBP"	"CK Search Global"	"CK Search Global"	"JS3562_197721/592979758"	"01/12/2018 14:17:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4m9"	NA	NA
"Reserving Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reserving Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A reputable insurance company are looking for a Reserving Analyst to join their Europe reserving function, working across all classes of Europe legal entity business, including Casualty, Property, Financial Lines, Accident & Heath, Tech Risks, Political Risks, Marine and Personal Lines.Although this role is primarily Reserving, there are regular opportunities to work with actuarial colleagues within Pricing, Planning and Capital Modelling teams. The responsibilities of this role includes supporting the ongoing testing, analysis and development of reserving models and preparing reports of claims reserving, SII, financial planning and management reporting. The candidate will ensure all reports are aligning with SII provisions. The candidate must support the quarterly reviews of premium, loss and expense reserves (for the purpose UD GAAP), as well as the bi-annual loss ratio planning processes.The candidate must liaise often with members of different teams, members of Senior Management and stakeholders, and so the candidate must have excellent interpersonal skills.The ideal candidate will be a graduate of a mathematical or science-based degree (or equivalent), working towards obtaining fellowship from the Institute of Actuaries (or equivalent professional actuarial body). The candidate must have at least 2 years Non-life insurance experience, ideally in retail or commercial reserving context. Knowledge of reserving models such as ResQ are desired.Eames Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Eames Consulting"	"Eames Consulting"	"JS7286_82875/592938984"	"01/12/2018 14:16:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4jz"	NA	"Graduate"
"Broker, Treaty Reinsurance"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Broker, Treaty Reinsurance"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Broker, Treaty Reinsurance  We're hiring!   Aon are currently recruiting a Broker, Treaty Reinsurance, to join our team in London. The Broker will be primarily responsible for provideing advice to clients and colleagues on placement design and identifying appropriate risk placement.  About Aon   Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role   Your impact as a Broker, Treaty Reinsurance:   Acts as the primary point of contact within the broking team for specific clients to provide specialist advice to the client and client team  Provides advice to clients and colleagues on placement design, available coverage and capacity, pricing, potential coverage enhancements and market progress within scope of responsibility  Identifies appropriate channels for risk placement based on clients' market security guidelines and other requirements  Negotiates terms and conditions of placement, and performs administrative support role where necessary  Works in partnership with client teams, across geographic regions with APAC and EMEA to ensure client/network needs and expectations are met. Seeks to enhance the sharing of knowledge and ideas within the broader team.  Responsible for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you   Your knowledge and expertise:   Client/Market Knowledge   Actively seeks out market intelligence to spot opportunities and follows up where appropriate  Able to carry out analysis of competitors in order to spot new opportunities  Building business acumen by looking at more macro issues surrounding clients/competitors  Seeks feedback from the market to adapt personal approach  Relationship Management   Is well known in the market and has an established reputation  Actively networks to build new relationships outside of initial circle and recognises the importance of this  Understands the importance of tailoring approach with different audiences  Strong interpersonal skills and confident in many different situations with clients and the market  Actively works on a small number of new business targets  Salary and Benefits   This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  Our Colleague Experience   Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2451574/591758554"	"03/12/2018 17:20:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSAr"	NA	NA
"Junior Broker"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Junior Broker"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Broker Back Up  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Broker Back up Technician to join our team in London. The Broker Back up Technician will be primarily responsible for: assisting in producing and/or providing quality checks in respect of documentation and transactional activities required to support the placement of business.  About Aon  Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role  Your impact as a Broker Back Up  Preparation of final reinsurance or insurance documentation  Produce final reinsurance or insurance documentation to confirm coverage to clients.  Preparation of market submission  Collect and analyse relevant information and prepare market submissions and presentations for new business or renewals.  Promotion of products and services  Lead or take an active part in activities and initiatives aimed at promoting Aon's products and services in the marketplace (eg media events, trade conferences, client seminars).  Quality control of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Review and check reinsurance or insurance documentation to ensure that it satisfies client requirements and other standards (eg regulatory).  Credit Control Monitoring  To work with our Accounting Teams, and assist when required, to ensure premiums are collected from clients and settled to Reinsurers within the specified settlement due dates.  Respecting Aon policies   Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you  Your knowledge and expertise:  Excellent communications skills  Strong stakeholder management  Proven ability to work as a team player  Strong numerical and analytical skills  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2454553/591758570"	"03/12/2018 15:17:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQbG"	NA	NA
"Facultative Specialty - Casualty Broker"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Facultative Specialty - Casualty Broker"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Facultative Casualty/Specialty Broker - London  We're hiring!  Aon Reinsurance Solutions are currently recruiting a Facultative Casualty/Specialty Broker to join our Japan team in London.  Aon Reinsurance Solutions As the industry leader in treaty, facultative and capital markets, Aon Reinsurance Solutions is redefining the role of the reinsurance intermediary and capital advisor. Through our unmatched talent and industry-leading proprietary tools and products, we help our clients to redefine success. Aon Reinsurance Solutions offers unbiased capital advice and customized access to more reinsurance and capital markets than anyone else. As a trusted advocate, we provide local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial, and rating agency advisory, and the right professionals to advise clients in making the optimal capital choice for their business. With an international network of more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base is able to access the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services. Learn more at About the Role Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria. As a Broker some of your key responsibilities will involve:  Working with colleagues and Japanese clients on a variety of non-marine facultative casualty and specialty business.  Provide advice to clients and colleagues on placement design, available coverage and capacity, likely pricing, potential coverage enhancements and market progress.  Work on and provide support in developing and delivering market presentations and broking strategy.  Identifying appropriate channels for risk placement based on clients' market security guidelines and other requirements, exerting influence on the market in order to secure the best deals.  Negotiating terms and conditions of placement with the market  Providing specialist advice to clients and colleagues including involvement in product research and new product development.  Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you As a Broker your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Experience in placing business into casualty and specialty risk/(re)insurance markets  An ability to learn and displays a broad understanding of Aon, clients' and (re)insurers' products and can bring the best of Aon to clients  Strong communication skills - Communicates goals/strategy to clients and market  Invests time and resource in Research & Development to find new products/solutions to meet clients' needs  Inspires commitment and action in others (both internally and externally) through strong communication skills  Considers both the clients and the underwriter's perspective in order to adapt approach  Excellent attention to detail.  Data analysis abilities  Confident to work on own initiative as well as part of a team  Ability to work in an environment where deadlines must be adhered to  Good level of IT competency required.  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2453244/594659925"	"03/12/2018 15:15:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQZR"	NA	NA
"Risk Consultant - Property and Casualty"	"Competitive salary plus bonus & benefits GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Risk Consultant - Property and Casualty"	"London - Competitive salary plus bonus & benefits GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"The Risk Consultant is responsible for supporting the senior Insurance Consulting and Technology (ICT) team to deliver successful risk-related consulting projects. The work will be predominately in the Property & Casualty insurance sector in the UK, but may also include life insurance, international and other financial services sectors. Sitting within the Property & Casualty Practice, reporting to the Senior Risk Director, this role will work alongside consultants from the Property & Casualty practice in multi-disciplinary teams, covering actuarial and a range of different disciplines, to deliver risk-related consulting projects, meeting client's expectations and delivering within budget. The Role Work with senior consultants in ICT and other practice areas within Willis Towers Watson as required, to deliver a wide range of consulting projects to support proposals and business development, with particular focus in the following areas of risk management: Risk appetite framework Risk policies Risk management information and reporting at Board level ORSA and other risk reports Internal model use, governance and validation Risk and Control Self-Assessment process Internal control framework Conduct risk Operational risk Risk management effectiveness reviews Support other types of projects in the insurance sector where needed. The Requirements Bachelor's Degree or relevant educational qualification required Extensive and consistent consulting experience, with some of that experience being in risk management with another consultancy firm or within an insurance company risk management team; preferably both Good knowledge of risk management principles, in particular in the insurance sector, demonstrated ability to work with clients to deliver quality work and apply these principles effectively Good understanding of Solvency II regulation, corporate governance principles, PRA and FCA requirements for insurers, including the SIMR/SM&CR; exposure to the Lloyd's market an advantage Excellent communication (oral and written), interpersonal and influencing skills Problem solving, analysis and experience in report writing Project management capabilities Languages in addition to English would be desirable Ability and willingness to travel within EMEA and ME if necessary "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"Competitive salary plus bonus & benefits GBP"	"The Emerald Group"	"The Emerald Group"	"JS3562_197799/594657112"	"03/12/2018 15:14:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQYk"	NA	NA
"Catastrophe Risk Analyst - Underwriting & Capital Management"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Catastrophe Risk Analyst - Underwriting & Capital Management"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity for an individual with strong analytical, numerical/statistical or scientific background to join the Underwriting and Capital Management (UCM) line of business as an Analyst for catastrophic risk.  The Role  The candidate would be joining a team of experts spanning across the fields of insurance, data science and pricing, reserving and capital actuaries, the vision being to provide unrivalled analytical risk. This exciting opportunity comes with various technical challenges which are as diverse as the industries we deal in and involves both UK-based and international projects. Be responsible for the delivery of catastrophe modelling analysis by utilizing the RMS catastrophe risk model and by outsourcing/co-operating with Strategic Risk Consulting in WTW where required by peak work-loads The role would also include helping to prepare and present output data from the models to support actuarial analyses and underwriting portfolio management Advising UCM and where applicable risk capital on general natural hazard issues, in particular those relevant to earthquake, wind and flood Developing and applying innovative approaches for identifying natural hazard risks for regions where no standardized risk assessment tools or models exist  The Requirements Strong analytical, engineering-, science- and/or mathematical-based background with interest in the area of natural hazard risk (including earthquake, wind and flood) Experience in using RMS third party catastrophe models is essential and AIR or RQE valuable together with a good level of understanding of probabilistic and catastrophe modelling concepts. Experience in non-modelled risks would be advantageous Day to day tasks will include quality assessment of raw data, reviews of exposures to Natural Hazards as well as preparation of modelling input files, running of market recognized models and the review, interpretation and validation of the output in light of underlying modelling assumptions and their limitations Knowledge of databases such as SQL or MS Access, VBA, R, any GIS software such as Q-GIS or Arc GIS etc. would be an advantage Insurance market experience and understanding of policy structures for catastrophe risks would be an advantage as well as solid analytical skills, including the ability to find ways to use available data sources to answer questions and solve problems Highly motivated team player and able to thrive in a growing team environment Educated to degree level and/or with a relevant professional qualification - underwriting, claims adjusting or risk management Proactive rather than reactive Team player with good interpersonal and influencing skills Strong relationship management skills and the ability to establish trust and credibility Ability to work under pressure to tight timelines and without direct supervision Organised and methodical Excellent analytical problem-solving skills Commercial awareness - a commercial and pragmatic approach to holistic business management Fluent business English  The Company Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas - the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential.  Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer Willis Towers Watson believes that effectively managing a diverse workforce is vital to our business strategy. We have an obligation to our organization, ourselves and our clients to hire and develop the best people we can find. We will continually review our policies and practices to ensure that all areas of the employment process (including recruiting, hiring, work assignments, compensation, benefits, promotions, transfers, company-sponsored development programs and overall workplace experience) are free from discriminatory practices. We are committed to equal employment opportunities at Willis Towers Watson Unsolicited Contact:  Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Willis Towers Watson are considered property of Willis Towers Watson and are not subject to payment of agency fees. In order to be an authorized Recruitment Agency/Search Firm for Willis Towers Watson, any such agency must have an existing formal written agreement signed by an authorized Willis Towers Watson recruiter and an active working relationship with the organization. Resumes must be submitted according to our candidate submission process, which includes being actively engaged on the particular search. Likewise, for our authorized Recruitment Agencies/Search Firms, if the candidate submission process is not followed, no agency fees will be paid by Willis Towers Watson. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer.Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8361214/593977780"	"03/12/2018 15:12:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXm"	NA	NA
"Head of Personal Lines Motor Underwriting"	"GBP"	"Fareham, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Head of Personal Lines Motor Underwriting"	"Fareham, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Location: Whiteley The opportunity:  As Head of Personal Lines Motor your role will be to manage and lead the Motor line of business, to aid in making appropriate underwriting and pricing decisions.Key Responsibilities:  Deliver the key financial metrics for your line of business (GWP, Combined Ratio and Loss Ratio). Oversee the analysis of various data sources to produce recommendations for changes to our market price and underwriting footprint. Work closely with actuarial, finance and claims teams to understand the underlying performance trends of the line of business. Set the pricing strategy for the line of business, including leading innovation in terms of data enrichment, analytics and rate deployment techniques. Demonstrate specialised knowledge and expertise in products and industry.  Administer and monitor underwriting rules and guidelines, insurance laws and regulations, and rating manual rules.  Recommend and implement action plans after reviewing agency books of business and profit/growth results and trends.  Develop and maintain relationships with distributors (agents and brokers) in support of business retention and acquisition and work with customers and distributors (agents & brokers) to determine their insurance-related needs and provides solutions.  Support the organisation's sales culture by being a Help Point for agents, brokers, and customers.  Assure development and implementation of policy, procedures and standards to produce profitable results Advanced and in-depth knowledge of products and line/s of business.  Excellent managerial, team building, and organisational skills.  Excellent leadership and influencing skills. Previous extensive management experience.  Superior skills in relationship building, active listening, needs analysis, and win-win negotiating.  Demonstrates strong presentation skills and a solutions and service orientation. Establish and agree key performance targets and financial budgets for underwriting unit in order to optimise business performance in line with set objectives.  Lead the implementation of complex projects, typically as part of a major change or business improvement initiative involving multi-disciplinary teams and timescales in excess of one year that impact underwriting.  Educate and influence senior colleagues by demonstrating the impact of all relevant policies and governance processes to own area to ensure that the business is not exposed to undue risk.  Review themes from complex analysis conducted by others to make informed, authoritative technical/professional recommendations to determine approaches to underwriting in own area in order to improve business performance in the medium and longer term.  Develop processes and review policies relevant to underwriting in own area to ensure they are in line with strategic business objectives.  Manage relationships with key internal stakeholders in order to identify opportunities for service improvement to ensure commercial viability and customer satisfaction.  Participate in leadership team meetings of assigned area to provide specialist guidance and enable the implementation of policy, projects and change initiatives.  Contribute to the business strategy within own area to align underwriting strategy with wider business goals within a particular market.  Participate in the community of global/regional proposition development practitioners in underwriting to share best practice and continue to meet customer's needs.  Oversee development plans for underwriters across own area of business to ensure the capability exists to drive business results.  Oversee design and implementation of rating tools and methodologies to deliver value to customers whilst being commercially viable for the organisation.The Reward: The salary for this role is between £75,000 - £85,000 depending on experience. As well as this we are offering a generous flexible benefits package which includes an annual company bonus subject to performance, company car, laptop, BUPA, and a 12% pension scheme. We're also happy to consider flexible working arrangements and welcome applications from everyone.Who we are: Looking for a career that will excite, challenge and inspire you? Thinking about insurance? Perhaps you should. Working for us is a totally different experience to what you probably expect. How do you feel about the things you truly love? Don't you want to protect them in the best way possible? Imagine if you could help people do this all over the world. You'd give them confidence and reassurance by protecting what they love most. This is no easy task. In today's interconnected world, tackling risk is fast, unpredictable and invigorating. You'll have to think on your feet as you manage risks big and small, from flooding to cyber crime. You'll be tackling issues like these in over 170 countries. It's a big challenge, but you'll have a truly diverse network helping you. As part of an international team, every day would provide opportunities to learn, grow and share ideas.As you make an impact across borders, you'll feel the support of being part of a strong and stable company. A long-standing player in the insurance industry, we make every effort to address the career development needs and plans of our employees to ensure their success in the future.Further information: At Zurich, we aim to have a diverse mix of employees that reflects our customers and the communities in which we live and work. Our diversity and inclusion initiatives are shaping an environment where everyone feels welcome, regardless of age, gender, race, religion, ability, culture, sexual orientation or mental health status. Our approach ensures that Zurich is a place that values different opinions, respects personal needs, and provides equal opportunities for all. We are committed to continuous improvement and we offer access to a comprehensive range of training and development opportunities.So make a difference. Be challenged. Be inspired. Be supported, Love what you do. Work for us."	"Fareham, Hampshire, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Zurich Insurance"	"Zurich Insurance"	"JS180009KI/593978267"	"03/12/2018 15:10:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQWQ"	NA	NA
"Junior In-House Litigation/Regulatory Lawyer"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Junior In-House Litigation/Regulatory Lawyer"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client is a leading independent regulator responsible for promoting high-quality corporate governance. They now wish to hire a Senior Lawyer to join their enforcement team of junior and experienced lawyers. The role will involve the conduct and management of investigations and prosecutions. A great work life balance and generous annual leave is on offer for the right candidate. The Role The role involves working as part of a team, alongside senior lawyers, legal assistants in investigating and prosecuting cases under both the Accountancy and Actuarial Schemes and the Audit Enforcement Procedure. The role will involve day to day responsibility and management of smaller cases (under appropriate supervision) as well as assisting senior lawyers in the running of larger, more complex investigations. Work will include:* Assisting in framing strategy and driving cases forward;* Drafting notices and requests for information from parties under investigation;* Drafting and dealing with correspondence;* Reviewing accountancy and audit material and reports prepared by in-house forensic accountants;* Collating and preparing evidence and assisting with all aspects of preparation for Tribunal hearings;* Assisting with disclosure of unused material;* Liaising with external solicitors, counsel and experts;* Liaising with other UK and foreign regulators, as necessary;* and* Providing high quality advice and analysis on legal and policy aspects of cases The Candidate The successful candidate will be a solicitor or barrister with post qualification experience in regulatory law and/or commercial litigation. Candidates will be expected to communicate clearly and effectively, orally and in writing;* Excellent case and trial management skills. Ideally, you will have previous experience gained from a leading city law firm, authority, regulator or disciplinary body. You will be required to have a natural ability to proactively drive forward large and complex cases. "	"City, London, UK"	"Legal"	NA	"GBP"	"gmk"	"gmk"	"JSC2C547B1/590808297"	"02/12/2018 13:12:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE45"	NA	NA
"Consultancy Opportunity- Reserving/Capital/Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Consultancy Opportunity- Reserving/Capital/Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working on behalf of a leading Big Four consultancy to hire Newly Qualified Actuaries to join at Manager grade. This role offers the opportunity to engage with clients on a regular basis, be in a role that is front-facing and also offer flexibility in working arrangements.  The opportunity: Lead a team of consultants, providing support and assistance when required Provide technical input to a number of projects Manage and develop external client relationships Win new business through marketing and sales activities The individual: Newly Qualified Actuary with experience in General Insurance Strong coaching skills to develop the more junior members of the team Advanced Excel skills Able to produce deliverables to a high standard "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82807/592939022"	"01/12/2018 14:16:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4k7"	NA	NA
"Reinsurance Senior Claims Adjustor"	"70k Annual GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Senior Claims Adjustor"	"London - 70k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Nashrock are looking for a Senior Claims Adjuster with at least 15 years claims experience. Exposure to Asbestos, Pollution and Health Hazard claims is preferable.Day to Day Duties- Assist in review, assessment and processing of claims reserves, movements and settlements into the internal system- Challenge and assess legitimacy of claims presented by assured or reassureds- Run weekly exception reports and Daily Claims movements- Assist the Reinsurance Claims Manager and Head of Claims in providing reports to senior management- Assist where necessary in any data cleansing issues - Ensure there are no unreasonable delays in claims processing and settlements- Ensure that controls exist to prevent fraudulent or duplicated losses- Assist the Due Diligence team when required- Support the Commutations team with any claims advice and data support when required- Ensure accurate and up to date reserves, seeking out redundant reserves- Monitor and report progress towards targets- Assist the actuarial team when required on any claims or data questions Technical Skills- Ability to quickly learn new systems- Attention to detail, processing accurately- Handling and filing data - manual and electronic- Proven record of maintaining data integrity- Ability to review claims files and to assist in processing when requiredSkills & Knowledge- Practical knowledge of underwriting, claims and technical accounting functions;- Interpersonal skills with the ability to work alone or as part of a team, to develop good working relationships with colleagues, clients, brokers, and others within the (re)insurance market and industry. - To be assertive, persistent, tactful and diplomatic where necessary and to proceed formally or informally where appropriate.- PC literate, with a good working knowledge of, for example, Microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint and Outlook, and have the ability to manipulate and investigate large volumes of data with use of pivot tables- Previous experience of handling reinsurance claims- To present claims information in order to calculate, analyse, collect and process outwards reinsurance in a cost-effective manner where applicableExperience- Computer Excel experience - Experience of London Market systems- Reinsurance underwriting experience.- Claims adjusting experience.- Technical reinsurance experience.- General London Market experienceIf you would like to find out more about this new, exciting opportunity then please get in touch! "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"70k Annual GBP"	"Nashrock Recruitment Ltd"	"Nashrock Recruitment Ltd"	"JS6383_1883504/592626982"	"01/12/2018 13:26:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk3Kx"	NA	NA
"Broker Back up Technician"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Broker Back up Technician"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description Broker Back up TechnicianWe're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Broker Back up Technician to join our team in London. The Broker Back up Technician will be primarily responsible for: assisting in producing and/or providing quality checks in respect of documentation and transactional activities required to support the placement of business.  About Aon   Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services. About the Role  Your impact as a Broker Back up Technician: Preparation of final reinsurance or insurance documentation   Produce final reinsurance or insurance documentation to confirm coverage to clients. Preparation of market submission   Collect and analyse relevant information and prepare market submissions and presentations for new business or renewals. Promotion of products and services  Lead or take an active part in activities and initiatives aimed at promoting Aon's products and services in the marketplace (eg media events, trade conferences, client seminars). Quality control of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Review and check reinsurance or insurance documentation to ensure that it satisfies client requirements and other standards (eg regulatory). Credit Control Monitoring  To work with our Accounting Teams, and assist when required, to ensure premiums are collected from clients and settled to Reinsurers within the specified settlement due dates. Respecting Aon policies  Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company. About you  Your knowledge and expertise:  Understands the role of reinsurance in a clients' business strategy, effective translation of those needs, identifies appropriate partners, negotiation, statistical analysis and interpretation, legal parameters and content.  In depth understanding, consistently maintains a working knowledge of the client, manages expectations, introduction of new products. Stays abreast of market developments and the client potential impact, has a good knowledge of key competitors, awareness of industry practices and Aon's regulatory controls.  Works well under pressure, is prepared to make contentious or unpopular recommendations, encourages others to make informed decisions, adopts a systematic approach, prepares contingency plans, proactively addresses challenges, considers broad long term picture, communicates confidently with others. Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation. Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2446761/591758529"	"01/12/2018 09:06:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxK2"	NA	NA
"Client Manager/Handler"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Client Manager/Handler"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Client Manager/Handler  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Client Manager to join our team in London. The Client Manager will be primarily responsible for: assisting in producing and/or providing quality checks in respect of documentation and transactional activities required to support the placement of business.  About Aon  Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role  Your impact as a Client Manager/Handler :  Preparation of final reinsurance or insurance documentation  Produce final reinsurance or insurance documentation to confirm coverage to clients.  Preparation of market submission  Collect and analyse relevant information and prepare market submissions and presentations for new business or renewals.  Promotion of products and services  Lead or take an active part in activities and initiatives aimed at promoting Aon's products and services in the marketplace (eg media events, trade conferences, client seminars).  Quality control of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Review and check reinsurance or insurance documentation to ensure that it satisfies client requirements and other standards (eg regulatory).  Credit Control Monitoring  To work with our Accounting Teams, and assist when required, to ensure premiums are collected from clients and settled to Reinsurers within the specified settlement due dates.  Respecting Aon policies   Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you  Your knowledge and expertise:  Understands the role of reinsurance in a clients' business strategy, effective translation of those needs, identifies appropriate partners, negotiation, statistical analysis and interpretation, legal parameters and content.  In depth understanding, consistently maintains a working knowledge of the client, manages expectations, introduction of new products. Stays abreast of market developments and the client potential impact, has a good knowledge of key competitors, awareness of industry practices and Aon's regulatory controls.  Works well under pressure, is prepared to make contentious or unpopular recommendations, encourages others to make informed decisions, adopts a systematic approach, prepares contingency plans, proactively addresses challenges, considers broad long term picture, communicates confidently with others.  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.   "	"London, UK"	"Finance, Customer Services"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2446930/580119989"	"29/11/2018 07:40:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgNl"	NA	NA
"Client Manager/Handler"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Client Manager/Handler"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Technician and Broker Back up  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Technician/Broker Back up to join our team in London. The successful applicant will be primarily responsible for: producing and/or providing quality checks in respect of documentation and transactional activities required to support the placement of business.  About Aon  Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  About the Role  Your impact as a Technician and Broker Back up:  Processing and Facility Management  Processing of transactional activities and the production and maintenance of facility bordereaux and records.  Preparation of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Produce reinsurance or insurance documentation for placing and also for confirmation of coverage to clients.  Promotion of products and services  Lead or take an active part in activities and initiatives aimed at promoting Aon's products and services in the marketplace (eg media events, trade conferences, client seminars).  Quality control of reinsurance or insurance documentation  Review and check reinsurance or insurance documentation to ensure that it satisfies client requirements and other standards (eg regulatory).  Credit Control Monitoring  To work with our Accounting Teams, and assist when required, to ensure premiums are collected from clients and settled to Reinsurers within the specified settlement due dates.  Preparation of market submission  Collect and analyse relevant information and prepare market submissions and presentations for new business or renewals.  Respecting Aon policies   Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you  Your knowledge and expertise:  Understands the role of reinsurance in a clients' business strategy, effective translation of those needs, understanding and knowledge of facilities, statistical analysis and interpretation, legal parameters and content.  Works well under pressure, encourages others to make informed decisions, adopts a systematic approach, prepares contingency plans, proactively addresses challenges, considers broad long term picture, communicates confidently with others.  In depth understanding, consistently maintains a working knowledge of the client, manages expectations. Stays abreast of market developments and the client potential impact, has a good knowledge of key competitors, awareness of industry practices and Aon's regulatory controls.  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance, Customer Services"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2453513/569269224"	"29/11/2018 07:40:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgNT"	NA	NA
"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"48k"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - 48k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior Modelling AnalystCheltenhamUp to £48,000 A niche insurance company seeking a Senior Analyst with a Strong stats background for a Model development role in the Risk Pricing team. A hands on role where you'll build out and deploy statistical models to predict customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivity etc. THE COMPANY: A fast-paced, but informal environment with big growth plans. There have been recent improvements to data capability meaning the stage is set for end to end model development projects across the Risk and Pricing space. THE ROLE: Act as technical mentor to the rest of the team Oversee the quality of team model ouputsLead the development of statistical models for Risk and Pricing function using SAS, SQL, R, Python - predicting customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivityDrive the growth of the business through model and strategy developmentBe pro-active in the optimisation of existing modelsYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Educated to degree level (minimum) with a 2.1 or better in a numerate subjectExperience working in the insurance or actuarial space is preferred but not necessaryExperience using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Earnix, Radar (or similar) on a daily basisExperience developing models in the Risk or Pricing space is highly preferredTHE BENEFITS A leadership role within the teamDevelop statistical models using a variety of tools in a data rich environmentUp to £48,000 + benefitsUp to 2 days working from homeKEYWORDS: Pricing Analyst, Risk Analyst, Insurance, Actuary, Actuarial Analyst, Modelling, Logistic regression, Decision Science, Data Science, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Radar, Earnix "	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"48k"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709272/589412352"	"28/11/2018 07:30:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVmh"	NA	NA
"Business Support Administrator"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Business Support Administrator"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Posting Description Business Support Administrator We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Business Support Administrator to join our team in London. The Business Support Administrator will be primarily responsible for supporting the Global Re Specialty team (70+people) with their day to day activities; delivering high quality support to the GRS team enabling them to deliver client value and business results.  About Aon   Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions   Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services. GRS Business Support key responsibilities will involve:  Key responsabilities:   Responsibility for organising meetings for both internal and external clients  Arranging cost effective travel through Aon systems  Managing team and individual expenses through the appropriate Aon systems  Ensure Travel and Expenses bookings are consistently managed and minimised  Pro-actively contribute to satisfaction of line manager and team supported  Responsible for providing a support function working from one inbox and working out a strategy as to how the work is divided up between the team to make sure that its completed in the quickest time possible ensuring its completed to a 1st class standard  Responsible for providing support and arranging meetings for the team for business trips and client visits  Providing a flexible service covering ad hoc duties such as organising team events  meeting and greeting visitors at all levels of seniority  organising travel and preparing complex travel itineraries including the arrangement of visa's  providing support the yearly reinsurance conferences including Monte Carlo, Baden Baden and PCI  Dealing with Clients first line queries and refer to appropriate team members, when necessary  Managing relationships with key stakeholders  Responsible for the on boarding of all joiners, movers, leavers, work experience, graduates and interns  Adhering to best practices business processes as directed by Operations leader  Responsible for making sure everyone is compliant and completing CVENT and CER forms when required  Responsible for monitoring LMS modules and making sure the team are all up to date and completing on time  Responsible for making sure everyone is competent and forms have been completed in timely manner  Arranging and facilitating the induction of any new recruits to the team  Adhering to the standards, procedures and best practices of Aon Limited to ensure FCA and other regulatory compliance  Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company About you  Your knowledge and expertise: About you  Educated to A Level standard or equivalent  Strong interpersonal skills  Proven track record of being extremely organised  Effective communication and presentation skills  Problem solving skills  Ability to work well as part of a team  Experience of working in a client facing environment  Advanced skills in Excel, Word, PowerPoint  Understanding of compliance and FCA regulation Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation. Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application "	"London, UK"	"Office and Admin"	NA	NA	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2453664/587725488"	"27/11/2018 03:21:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkLDO"	NA	NA
"Reinsurance Broker - Willis Re Graduate Programme, London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Broker - Willis Re Graduate Programme, London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Willis Re, part of the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment of Willis Towers Watson, is one of the world's leading reinsurance advisory and broking businesses. Connecting risk and capital, we help the global insurance industry, governments and society at large manage and mitigate extreme risk - from natural catastrophes such as flood, earthquakes, hurricanes and pandemics, to technological or political risks such as cyber and terrorism. Your Opportunity  As part of a fast-evolving, $365 billion global industry, Willis Re provides a multitude of exciting career opportunities for talented and driven individuals. Our two year Foundational Development Programme is unique in the industry and offered to all graduates. This includes a multitude of technical insurance and reinsurance modules delivered by our global subject matter experts through to a wider curriculum of professional, financial and client facing skills.Sponsored by the Willis Re leadership team, our programme also provides access to senior mentors and a \"buddy network\" to support your wider career development, with ample networking and experience-building opportunities. This foundational programme is part of Willis Re's world class Learning Academy, which supports career development for all our colleagues, from graduates through to senior leaders. Willis Re also fully sponsors professional qualifications including the CII and CFA Level 1. The RoleWillis Re brings together advanced analytics, risk transfer and transactional expertise to provide advisory and consultation on how risk portfolios impact performance, and execute on those capabilities to deliver improved financial results for our clients. Our broking and analytics colleagues, including actuarial, financial and catastrophe modelling teams, operate globally and work in integrated and dynamic teams. Willis Re is also an inclusive and diverse business, so you can expect to work in and learn from culturally diverse, multi-location teams on a regular basis, working on varying projects and client accounts, which include some of the largest, multinational companies in the world. As a Graduate Broker, you will therefore be immersed in all aspects of client work, business development and internal service delivery for a varied and international client base from early in your career, including: Assisting in the marketing, negotiation, placing and servicing of client accounts, working with people at all levels within the client's organisation   Creating and interpreting numerical analysis   Drafting contracts   Helping to structure, place and service transactions   Preparing pitch documents and presentation materials   Supporting internal governance, compliance, risk and operational work   Project managing internal teams to achieve agreed targets within prescribed timeframes   Background research relating to client projects or internal growth initiatives   Use of tailored Willis Re IT systems   Travel as required   Is this position right for you? Successful candidates will have strong analytical and numeracy skills, and also a talent for communication, negotiation and all-round commercial awareness. Educational Requirements Minimum 2:1 degree including A-Level Maths/Economics grade A/B or equivalent qualification. You will also need:Enthusiasm and passion to learn about Insurance, Risk and Reinsurance Ability to build strong internal and external business relationships at all levels  Ability to engage with actuarial and catastrophe management colleagues and to demonstrate a level of comfort in discussions on these subjects both internally and with clients Ability to use data and information to build and support a persuasive argument Good IT skills in Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to convey complex information clearly Ability to learn and follow internal procedures and controls  An awareness of the sales and negotiation process  The ability to prioritise, work under pressure in a fast paced environment and meet deadlines with a flexible approach to work and ability to adapt to change  An eye for detail Desire to take on early responsibility  Initiative and an eagerness to drive projects to a successful conclusion  Be a team player   The Bigger Picture Willis Re works with academia through The Willis Research Network and bodies such as the UN and World Bank, as well as a range of NGO's and Government Aid Bodies, helping connect the world of private capital to manage wider societal and environmental risks.The global financial markets have also now developed the concept of insurance risk as an investable asset class: insurance-linked securities. This has opened up a huge quantity of new financial capacity to accept and absorb risk, with capacity provided by the traditional reinsurance industry augmented with the new capital from global financial markets. Insurtech is another avenue for growth and development within the industry.Willis Re sits at this exciting cross road of innovation, acting as a fulcrum to coordinate and develop all of these activities. For more information, visit willisre.com . The Application Process Stage 1: Online Application, including CV and Covering LetterStage 2: Online TestingStage 3: Video InterviewStage 4: 1 Day Assessment Centre Stage 5: Offer and On-boardingStart date for the UK Graduate Programme will be the beginning of September, 2019You will be notified on your progress throughout the process*Application Closing Date: February 1, 2019*Note however that Willis Re runs its graduate application process and recruitment on a rolling basis, so we encourage candidates to apply early* Please note that we do not accept multiple applications and you should only select and apply to one programme per year*Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8824884/593978051"	"03/12/2018 15:14:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQY2"	NA	"Graduate"
"Underwriting Manager"	"GBP"	"Hove, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Manager"	"Hove, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Company InfoWorking here is about being there for our customers; we're available should the worst happen and we work together to enable social and financial equality across the UK. But it's also about you -how you develop and what you can achieve. We'll help your talent thrive in an environment where you'll be supported to work flexibly and autonomously, sharing in our success and rewarded for a great performance with a generous benefits package. Department InfoAt Legal & General Insurance we look after our customers throughout life, death and everything in between so that you know that everything that's important to you is protected. With over 180 years' experience in providing Insurance policies, our customers trust us to be there and to do the right thing.We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age. Job DutiesWork closely with internal colleagues (Operations - One stop & accounts, Sales, Benefits & Claims) to ensure SLAs, new business, growth and profitability is maximised Manage and coach a team of Underwriters to provide work flow and administration support to the team always ensuring robust and reliable monitoring of performance is in place to demonstrate progress against target/objectives Through effective work allocation for new opportunities and existing business schemes provide a robust and structured vetting, costing, pricing and support process for all quotes Define, develop, deliver & continually improve the tools for allocating work and monitoring staff output to ensure quotes are delivered in line with L&Gs customer experience and TCF policies Work with Actuarial, Change and Operations to help implement any changes in systems, loadings or process that effect the pricing cycle of vetting, costing and underwriting As the lead for internal MI take responsibility for producing metrics of productivity, error rates, quote output and underwriter performance Manage, motivate and develop employees at all levels, in a manner that is consistent with the Company's policies and procedures including the Partnership Agreement, to maximize the performance of the area Skills RequiredAbility to work in a fast paced environment Embraces, owns and leads change Able to plan and organise theirs and others time and workflow Problem solving and decision making skills Takes pride in delivering expected outcomes Effective communication skills Able to understand and interpret a range of MI Ability to thrive in a team environment Enthusiastic, self-motivated individual who uses their own initiative BenefitsWhatever your role, we reward ability, performance and attitude with a package that looks after all the things that are important to you. Our employees have a wide range of benefits including a generous pension scheme, life assurance, 25 days' holiday (plus one day after two years), private medical insurance, performance related bonuses, a variety of share schemes, discounts at both a huge range of high street stores and our own great products, your hard work will be rewarded when you join us.Our view is that this role is suitable for agile working. This means we would consider a more flexible working arrangement, where your hours and work location are managed according to business, customer and personal needs. For this role, you would be based in Hove, but you could work in other Legal & General offices or at home, as necessary, provided this meets business needs. Details of agile working will be discussed during the interview process.For more details, please contact Helen Brockbank - Resourcing Lead -  "	"Hove, Sussex, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Legal & General"	"Legal & General"	"JSVN-11274/593981075"	"03/12/2018 15:11:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQWj"	NA	NA
"Interim Claims Director - Insurance"	"Excellent Day Rate/FTC Salary GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Interim Claims Director - Insurance"	"London - Excellent Day Rate/FTC Salary GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"12- 18 month contract - Immediate Start Excellent opportunity for a Claims Director to work for this dynamic global insurance organisation. This is a high profile role whereby you will lead, develop and continuously improve the UK claims function and contribute to the overall business strategy.Key Responsibilities:Building a high performing culture which the function strives to consistently deliver 'best in class' customer service and is pro-active, agile and commercially minded in the handling and settlement of claims. Developing and embedding claims practices which ensure that claims indemnity spend is effectively controlled by providing fair and reasonable settlements and being effective in the identification and eradication of claims leakage and the repudiation of fraud. Setting, reviewing and monitoring claims KPls and taking necessary action to deliver to plan. Ensuring the claims function has the necessary capacity and capability to deliver on its goals through development and leadership of a high performing team; an effective resourcing and recruitment strategy; training; and performance management. Optimising the use of claims data and analytics to develop deep insight into the operation, claims spend and the external claims environment to inform and enhance the claims strategy and support day-to-day tactical decision making. Creating a highly efficient operation, through the development of a productive target operating model, the setting of clearly defined roles and responsibilities and the deployment of lean processes. Constantly seeking to identify opportunities to reduce costs through the appropriate use of automation and low-touch claims handling. Leading the on-going development of creative and innovative solutions for claims, including the assessment of digitisation opportunities including: advanced analytics; machine learning; chat-bots; and robotic automated processing (RPA) to determine where they could be cost effectively utilised to improve performance, customer service and/or reduce costs. Ensure implementation and adherence to group reserving philosophy, underpinned with strong controls and high quality standards which are audited and monitored. Effective interaction with the pricing, underwriting actuarial and head office claims teams contributing to the product and pricing strategy and keeping the technical teams abreast of claims insights, operational progress and development and emerging trends and inflationary issues. Keeping up-to-date with the external market trends and developments. Ideal Candidate Profile: The ideal candidate will be an experienced Claims Director with a proven track record of leading successful claims teams within a dynamic and growing Insurance business. You will have been involved in driving change management and leading transformation projects including claims management systems implementation ideally. You will have excellent leadership, influencing and presentation skills combined with the ability to motivate and inspire.Please note, you must be availble to start either immediately or on a short notice period. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"Excellent Day Rate/FTC Salary GBP"	"Norrie Johnston Recruitment Limited"	"Norrie Johnston Recruitment Limited"	"JSNJR/RC219/578336925"	"03/12/2018 14:17:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPzO"	NA	NA
"Reinsurance Broker, LATAM - Willis Re Graduate Programme, London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reinsurance Broker, LATAM - Willis Re Graduate Programme, London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Willis Re, part of the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment of Willis Towers Watson, is one of the world's leading reinsurance advisory and broking businesses. Connecting risk and capital, we help the global insurance industry, governments and society at large manage and mitigate extreme risk - from natural catastrophes such as flood, earthquakes, hurricanes and pandemics, to technological or political risks such as cyber and terrorism. Your Opportunity  As part of a fast-evolving, $365 billion global industry, Willis Re provides a multitude of exciting career opportunities for talented and driven individuals. Our two year Foundational Development Programme is unique in the industry and offered to all our graduates. This includes a multitude of technical insurance and reinsurance modules delivered by our global subject matter experts through to a wider curriculum of professional, financial and client facing skills. Sponsored by the Willis Re leadership team, our programme also provides access to senior mentors and a \"buddy network\" to support your wider career development, with ample networking and experience-building opportunities. This foundational programme is part of Willis Re's world class Learning Academy, which supports career development for all our colleagues, from graduates through to senior leaders. Willis Re also fully sponsors professional qualifications including the CII and CFA Level 1. The Role  Willis Re brings together advanced analytics, risk transfer and transactional expertise to provide advisory and consultation on how risk portfolios impact performance, and execute on those capabilities to deliver improved financial results for our clients. Our broking and analytics colleagues, including actuarial, financial and catastrophe modelling teams, operate globally and work in integrated and dynamic teams. Willis Re is also an inclusive and diverse business, so you can expect to work in and learn from culturally diverse, multi-location teams on a regular basis, working on varying projects and client accounts, which include some of the largest, multinational companies in the world. As a Graduate Broker, you will therefore be immersed in all aspects of client work, business development and internal service delivery for a varied and international client base from early in your career, including: Assisting in the marketing, negotiation, placing and servicing of client accounts, working with people at all levels within the client's organisation   Creating and interpreting numerical analysis   Drafting contracts   Helping to structure, place and service transactions   Preparing pitch documents and presentation materials   Supporting internal governance, compliance, risk and operational work   Project managing internal teams to achieve agreed targets within prescribed timeframes   Background research relating to client projects or internal growth initiatives   Use of tailored Willis Re IT systems   Travel as required   Is this position right for you? Successful candidates will have strong analytical and numeracy skills, and also a talent for communication, negotiation and all-round commercial awareness..*For this role, fluency in Spanish is required*  ( see wider Willis Re Graduate opportunities  - Key word: Willis Re Graduate)  Educational Requirements Minimum 2:1 degree including A-Level Maths/Economics grade A/B or equivalent qualification. You will also need:Enthusiasm and passion to learn about Insurance, Risk and Reinsurance Ability to build strong internal and external business relationships at all levels  Ability to engage with actuarial and catastrophe management colleagues and to demonstrate a level of comfort in discussions on these subjects both internally and with clients Ability to use data and information to build and support a persuasive argument Good IT skills in Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to convey complex information clearly Ability to learn and follow internal procedures and controls  An awareness of the sales and negotiation process  The ability to prioritise, work under pressure in a fast paced environment and meet deadlines with a flexible approach to work and ability to adapt to change  An eye for detail Desire to take on early responsibility  Initiative and an eagerness to drive projects to a successful conclusion  Be a team player   The Bigger Picture Willis Re works with academia through The Willis Research Network and bodies such as the UN and World Bank, as well as a range of NGO's and Government Aid Bodies, helping connect the world of private capital to manage wider societal and environmental risks.The global financial markets have also now developed the concept of insurance risk as an investable asset class: insurance-linked securities. This has opened up a huge quantity of new financial capacity to accept and absorb risk, with capacity provided by the traditional reinsurance industry augmented with the new capital from global financial markets. Insurtech is another avenue for growth and development within the industry.Willis Re sits at this exciting cross road of innovation, acting as a fulcrum to coordinate and develop all of these activities. For more information, visit willisre.com . The Application Process Stage 1: Online Application, including CV and Covering LetterStage 2: Online TestingStage 3: Video InterviewStage 4: 1 Day Assessment Centre Stage 5: Offer and On-boardingStart date for the UK Graduate Programme will be the beginning of September, 2019You will be notified on your progress throughout the process*Application Closing Date: February 1, 2019*Note however that Willis Re runs its graduate application process and recruitment on a rolling basis, so we encourage candidates to apply early* Please note that we do not accept multiple applications and you should only select and apply to one programme per year*As a Graduate Broker in our LATAM team, you will be therefore be immersed in all aspects of front line broking work for our Latin America & Caribbean insurance clients from early in your career.Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8824889/593978055"	"03/12/2018 14:14:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPxO"	NA	"Graduate"
"Broking Summer Internship - Wills Re, London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Broking Summer Internship - Wills Re, London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Willis Re, part of the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment of Willis Towers Watson, is one of the world's leading reinsurance advisory and broking businesses. Connecting risk and capital, we help the global insurance industry; governments and society at large manage and mitigate extreme risk - from natural catastrophes such as flood, earthquakes, hurricanes and pandemics, to technological or political risks such as cyber and terrorism. The Role Designed for university students one year from graduation, the Willis Re Summer Internship Program is an 8 week learning experience that provides undergraduates the opportunity to gain hands-on experience working in the reinsurance industry whilst contributing to our business. The program is comprised of orientation, goal setting, training modules, team presentations, a business speaker series and a formal mid and end of internship performance review. High-performing interns will be considered for the Full time Willis Re Foundational Development Programme post graduation.This Internship will provide valuable, real-world experience in a broking role. It will enable you to apply your education in an environment that is both intellectually challenging and rewarding. At the end of your time with us, you will have a greater understanding of what we do and how closely our career opportunities match your ambitions. You will be treated in the same way as our new graduates, receiving the same quality and quantity of work. It is the perfect opportunity to understand what you could expect if you joined our business and Reinsurance Development Programme full time the following year. Is this position right for you?  Successful candidates will have strong analytical and numeracy skills, and also a talent for communication, negotiation and all-round commercial awareness.  Educational Requirements:  Predicted 2:1 degree   A-Level Maths/Economics grade A/B or equivalent qualification is required   You will also need:  Enthusiasm and passion to learn about Insurance, Risk and Reinsurance   Strong analytical and numerical skills - must be able to quickly grasp complex issues   High degree of self-discipline, commitment and modesty combined with an ability to manage own expectations.   Desire to take on early responsibility   Ability to engage with and build strong internal and external business relationships at all levels   Ability to use data and information to build and support a persuasive argument   Good IT skills in Word and PowerPoint, with a high degree of competence in MS Excel   Attention to detail   Flexible approach to work and able to adapt to change   An awareness of the sales and negotiation process   The ability to prioritise, work under pressure in a fast paced environment and meet deadlines   Ability to convey complex information clearly   Initiative and an eagerness to drive projects to a successful conclusion   Be a team player   Ability to learn and follow internal procedures and controls   The Application Process Stage 1: Online Application, including CV and Covering LetterStage 2: Online TestingStage 3: Video InterviewStage 4: 1 Day Assessment Centre Stage 5: Offer and On-boarding Start date for the Willis Re UK Intern Programme will be the end of June 2019You will be notified on your progress throughout the process*Application Closing Date: January, 2019* Note however that Willis Re runs its graduate application process and recruitment on a rolling basis, so we encourage candidates to apply early The Bigger Picture and Your Opportunity As part of a fast-evolving, $365 billion global industry, Willis Re provides a multitude of exciting career opportunities for talented and driven individuals. We bring together advanced analytics, risk transfer and transactional expertise to provide advisory and consultation on how risk portfolios impact performance, and execute on those capabilities to deliver improved financial results for our clients. Our broking and analytics colleagues, including actuarial, financial and catastrophe modelling teams, operate globally and work in integrated and dynamic teams. Willis Re is also an inclusive and diverse business, so you can expect to work in and learn from culturally diverse, multi-location teams on a regular basis, working on varying projects and client accounts. Willis Re also works with academia through The Willis Research Network and bodies such as the UN and World Bank, as well as a range of NGO's and Government Aid Bodies, helping connect the world of private capital to manage wider societal and environmental risks.The global financial markets have also now developed the concept of insurance risk as an investable asset class: insurance-linked securities. This has opened up a huge quantity of new financial capacity to accept and absorb risk, with capacity provided by the traditional reinsurance industry augmented with the new capital from global financial markets. Insurtech is another avenue for growth and development within the industry.Willis Re sits at this exciting cross road of innovation, acting as a fulcrum to coordinate and develop all of these activities.For more information, visit willisre.com. Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8917892/593978196"	"03/12/2018 14:13:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwT"	NA	"Graduate"
"Broker/Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Broker/Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Broker/Analyst  We're hiring!  Aon are currently recruiting a Broker/Analyst to join our Global Portfolio Broking team in London.  Global Portfolio Broking is designed to challenge the status quo. We believe in thinking differently about delivering capital to clients and matching risk with capital. Th e way we challenge the status quo is by tailoring our products to our clients' needs, and building bespoke products for clients to use. They are simple, direct access to capital and attractive to markets ranging from:  MGA/underwriting platforms.  Capacity Indices and delegated underwriting on a cross-class/product-specific/region-specific basis.  Structured portfolio solutions and other forms of delegated underwriting.  C apital Optimisation Vehicles (COVs) including sidecars, structured re/insurance.  About the Role  The Broker/Analyst will be primarily responsible for working with and supporting the wider team with the structuring, placement and ongoing support of our various placements.  Your principle responsibilities will include;  Providing analytical support to placing team with client meetings, presentations, market studies, tenders and reports.  Assist with the preparations for presentation and pitch materials for new projects and portfolios.  Assist with the preparation of client deliverables and presentations which influence and provide impact for the client.  Help manage the due diligence and placement processes for placements.  Gather and evaluate economic, demographic, market data for input into client and market deliverables and submissions.  Point of contact for tracking, management and reporting  Broking and the support of Reinsurance placements and MGA capacity.  Development and maintaining client and market relationships.  Liaise with actuaries to structure and develop analytic solutions to portfolio solutions driven by market and client need.  Responsibility for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities  Ability to work in a team environment where strong communication skills are necessary both written and verbal  Ability to prioritize tasks and remain detail oriented while under pressure to meet deadlines  Ability to formulate testable hypothesis based on data  Ability to organize ideas into a detailed specification format  Salary and Benefits  This role offers a competitive salary and bonus, plus a comprehensive benefits package and 25 days holiday. Through our flexible benefits, you will also have the opportunity to choose additional benefits, including healthcare, childcare vouchers and additional holiday. We also offer tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organisation.  About Aon  Headquartered in London, Aon Plc is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Reinsurance Solutions, a division of Aon plc, is the world's leading reinsurance intermediary and full-service capital advisor. We empower our clients to better understand, manage and transfer risk through innovative solutions and personalised access to all forms of global reinsurance capital across treaty, facultative and capital markets. As a trusted advocate, we deliver local reach to the world's markets, an unparalleled investment in innovative analytics, including catastrophe management, actuarial and rating agency advisory. Through our professionals' expertise and experience, we advise clients in making optimal capital choices that will empower results and improve operational effectiveness for their business. With more than 80 offices in 50 countries, our worldwide client base has access to the broadest portfolio of integrated capital solutions and services.  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience.  We're happy to talk flexible working. If you need to flex your working pattern, Aon offers flexible and agile working policies and we're happy to discuss options with you upon application. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2450322/591758549"	"01/12/2018 11:18:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk0Cj"	NA	NA
"Non-life Pricing Analysts - Home/Motor Lines"	"GBP"	"South East"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analysts - Home/Motor Lines"	"South East - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer has a number of exciting opportunities for non-life pricing analysts to support their motor and home business lines where you will Develop recommendations to improve the pricing performance and longer-term pricing capability. In these key roles, you will develop the appropriate MI to measure the performance of new pricing strategies and to ensure portfolio risk is managed appropriately. You will also work closely with the risk modelling team to ensure consistency of pricing practice, utilising the risk models as the best view of risk assessment. Previous experience of the personal lines insurance market is desirable, as is knowledge of SAS, EMBlem and/or optimisation software. These are excellent opportunities to develop your career within a market-leader so contact us now for more information. Paul Cook, Associate Director M:  E:  "	"South East, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_85060/592938058"	"03/12/2018 15:18:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQb2"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a talented data scientist to join its pricing team where you will develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to gain insights into insurance products. Working closely with technical pricing analysts and other data analysts elsewhere in the business, you will be responsible for expanding data processing and technical modelling framework. In addition, you will establish efficient ways of implementing segmentation and predictive models whilst ensuring that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basis. With exceptional statistical skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques. Advanced experience of commercial data science or analytics software (eg Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.) also required. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82872/592938385"	"03/12/2018 15:16:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQaM"	NA	NA
"Non-life Manager - Data Science and Analytics"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Manager - Data Science and Analytics"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading-edge client is seeking a talented individual to create and maintain multivariate statistical models for its motor business. The successful candidate will have made progress towards, or completed, a relevant professional qualification (FIA, CII or MBA).Developing and maintaining the price optimisation capability for our client, you will also create pricing controls, liaising closely with internal and external partners to ensure pricing is implemented correctly and within business timescales.You will also lead investigations into the best use of data, analytical techniques and software whilst producing appropriate models to support pricing and operational activity.With excellent interpersonal and organisational skills, you will be a creative thinker with excellent technical knowledge of pricing and analytical/data science techniques.Contact us now for more information on this unique opportunity."	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4952/593978687"	"03/12/2018 15:11:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXH"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a talented data scientist to join its pricing team where you will develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to gain insights into insurance products.Working closely with technical pricing analysts and other data analysts elsewhere in the business, you will be responsible for expanding data processing and technical modelling framework.In addition, you will establish efficient ways of implementing segmentation and predictive models whilst ensuring that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basis.With exceptional statistical skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques.Advanced experience of commercial data science or analytics software (eg Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.) also required."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5329/593978963"	"03/12/2018 14:20:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP1y"	NA	NA
"Underwriting Technician"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Technician"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading-edge client is seeking an underwriting technician to handle complex motor and home technical referrals, whilst having a high level of authority in terms of overriding premiums within the team. Working to identify and resolve any system problems and implement agreed resolutions, you will also oversee complex misrepresentation and potential voidance cases, possessing the ability to overturn avoidance decisions within delegated authority levels.You will also handle police enquiries, providing statements and attending court when required.The successful candidate will have worked at a similar level and have previous experience within a similar environment. Personal lines experience is a clear advantage but not essential.Contact us now for more information."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5231/593978859"	"03/12/2018 14:19:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP05"	NA	NA
"Non-life Pricing Analysts - Home/Motor Lines"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Pricing Analysts - Home/Motor Lines"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading insurer has a number of exciting opportunities for non-life pricing analysts to support their motor and home business lines where you will Develop recommendations to improve the pricing performance and longer-term pricing capability.In these key roles, you will develop the appropriate MI to measure the performance of new pricing strategies and to ensure portfolio risk is managed appropriately.You will also work closely with the risk modelling team to ensure consistency of pricing practice, utilising the risk models as the best view of risk assessment.Previous experience of the personal lines insurance market is desirable, as is knowledge of SAS, EMBlem and/or optimisation software.These are excellent opportunities to develop your career within a market-leader so contact us now for more information."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5185/593978811"	"03/12/2018 14:19:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP0t"	NA	NA
"Data Science Manager - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Data Science Manager - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has a unique opportunity for a talented data scientist to provide a market leading technical pricing service for the Home business and help shape the development of data science techniques used in home pricing.In this exciting role, you will be responsible for the development of appropriate uses of machine learning techniques for Home Pricing, identifying opportunities for improvements to enable tasks to be performed in a more efficient manner.Acting as Subject Matter Expert and an ambassador for the technical pricing team throughout the business, you will develop data science skills throughout the team whilst building market-leading risk premium models.Candidates should have existing data science experience, and be proficient in the use of R/Python or similar software.Knowledge of Emblem, Radar, Classifier, and SAS also advantageous."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5184/593978808"	"03/12/2018 14:16:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPyR"	NA	NA
"Claims Manager - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Claims Manager - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Seeking a talented Claims Manager (CII part-qualified) to provide a high quality, empathetic claims service to our client's policyholders and ensure that claims are handled efficiently and in accordance with policy terms and conditions.A self-starter with excellent organisational skills with the ability to work under pressure, the successful candidate will have proven ability of handling complex household claims.Previous call centre experience is desirable."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5255/593978891"	"03/12/2018 14:14:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPwj"	NA	NA
"Underwriting Analyst - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Underwriting Analyst - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer is seeking a talented underwriter with strong analytical skills and pricing experience to provide expert technical and analytical underwriting support to achieve performance targets and the Underwriting strategy. In this key role, you will lead the evaluation of benefits, the presentation of recommendations to key stakeholders and ensure delivery of changes to underwriting rules (including referral rules), rating and footprint across all product channels. You will also monitor exposure trends in underwriting performance and mix monitoring MI, delivering expert analysis and reviewing potential mitigating actions. In addition, you will lead the delivery of changes to align underwriting rules with Technical & Margin Pricing developments and changes in Pricing capability. With good people management and communication skills, the successful candidate will ideally have experience of using SAS and QlikSense (or equivalent). "	"United Kingdom"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82866/592939062"	"02/12/2018 07:46:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDDM"	NA	NA
"Risk Manager"	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Risk Manager"	"London - £ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Growing global business has a fantastic opportunity for a talented risk professional with knowledge and experience of working with Solvency II and UK compliance/risk legislation to be responsible for the submission of SII risk reporting. In this key role, you will maintain the Risk Framework, ORSA policies and associated registers for regulated clients in accordance with client timetable and liaising with all function areas. Resilient and flexible and with excellent communication and interpersonal skills, the successful candidate will possess effective problem solving skills. An excellent opportunity to develop your career within a dynamic environment. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197433/592930823"	"02/12/2018 07:16:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCf0"	NA	NA
"Cutting-Edge Marketing Analytics"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Cutting-Edge Marketing Analytics"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"An amazing opportunity in an innovative and new function, focused on optimising insurance marketing through the application of advanced modelling and analytics. With strong abilities and a depth of experience in analytics and programming, coupled with your flair for marketing, you will work with stakeholders across the business in providing rich and actionable insights. Knowledge of SQL, Python, R and other languages is an advantage, together with any experience of machine learning techniques and similar tools.  "	"London, UK"	"Finance, Sales and Marketing"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82860/592938553"	"01/12/2018 14:30:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk47M"	NA	NA
"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking an audit expert to support the delivery of a portfolio of data analytics assignments in support of the annual audit plan, keeping abreast of audit best practice and the changing regulatory environment. Awareness of the latest trends in data analytics and computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) is essential, as well as an awareness of emerging risks within Financial Services and in internal audit in general.  You will also be proficient in developing and running SQL scripts and using Microsoft Excel, whilst experience of Tableau, Microsoft Access and R would be desirable  A relevant audit qualification or progress towards becoming a qualified accountant is also desirable. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82386/592938244"	"01/12/2018 14:11:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bd"	NA	NA
"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"London - £ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking an audit expert to support the delivery of a portfolio of data analytics assignments in support of the annual audit plan, keeping abreast of audit best practice and the changing regulatory environment. Awareness of the latest trends in data analytics and computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) is essential, as well as an awareness of emerging risks within Financial Services and in internal audit in general.  You will also be proficient in developing and running SQL scripts and using Microsoft Excel, whilst experience of Tableau, Microsoft Access and R would be desirable  A relevant audit qualification or progress towards becoming a qualified accountant is also desirable. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197372/592930866"	"01/12/2018 14:11:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bc"	NA	NA
"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"London - £ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking an audit expert to support the delivery of a portfolio of data analytics assignments in support of the annual audit plan, keeping abreast of audit best practice and the changing regulatory environment. Awareness of the latest trends in data analytics and computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) is essential, as well as an awareness of emerging risks within Financial Services and in internal audit in general.  You will also be proficient in developing and running SQL scripts and using Microsoft Excel, whilst experience of Tableau, Microsoft Access and R would be desirable  A relevant audit qualification or progress towards becoming a qualified accountant is also desirable. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197372/592930866"	"01/12/2018 14:11:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bc"	NA	NA
"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Audit Specialist - Data Analytics"	"London - £ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Our client, a major insurer, is seeking an audit expert to support the delivery of a portfolio of data analytics assignments in support of the annual audit plan, keeping abreast of audit best practice and the changing regulatory environment. Awareness of the latest trends in data analytics and computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) is essential, as well as an awareness of emerging risks within Financial Services and in internal audit in general.  You will also be proficient in developing and running SQL scripts and using Microsoft Excel, whilst experience of Tableau, Microsoft Access and R would be desirable  A relevant audit qualification or progress towards becoming a qualified accountant is also desirable. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£ dependent upon experience GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS3562_197372/592930866"	"01/12/2018 14:11:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4bc"	NA	NA
