"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"category"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"company_summary"	"start_date"	"duration"
"Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert/Director"	"£75k - £150k per annum + shares"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert/Director"	"London - £75k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert/Director We are looking for a candidate to direct the continued development of an AI powered and Cloud Native trading platform that has had both academic and commercial experience. It will require ownership of multiple responsibilities, including the design and build-out of AI based components (specifically pertaining to NLP) and the ability to communicate and work effectively with the software Development and Test Engineering teams. An ideal candidate will have completed a PhD in NLP/NLU and subsequently worked in the financial services industry focused on speech to text and dialog engines.Essential skills and experience:* Masters or PhD in NLP/NLU* Expertise with NLP/NLU & Machine Learning * Familiarity with IBM Watson and other NLU engines (Rasa etc)* Experience with applying NLU in Dialogue Systems* Experience in enterprise grade microservices systems* Excellent understanding of REST and FIX APIs* Cloud AWS or PCF exposureDesirable skills:. Working knowledge of Java and stack development"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£75k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Sentinel IT LLP"	"Jennifer Hunt "	"JS-JHDBAI/NLP"	"30/11/2018 01:00:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkl1f"	NA	NA	NA
"Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning"	"£65k - £80k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning"	"London - £65k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine LearningAn innovative Tech company that has a heavy focus on AI are currently hiring for a Delivery Manager to join an established, talented team. They provide a service used by thousands of reputable brands and combine artificial intelligence and machine learning technology to remove the financial and reputational risks that come with planning and creating content around poorly understood target audiences, and to make their marketing decisions more efficient and effective.Whilst they are continuing to build a new product that leverages Big Data and AI tech, they're in need of someone to work closely with their Data Science, Product and Client Services groups to ensure delivery of features that vary from implementing sophisticated Back End algorithms that make use of Big Data and ML to UI features that enhance client experiences.Delivery ManagerArtificial IntelligenceBig DataMachine LearningYou'll motivate, retain and provide direction and guidance for a team of 6 developers (both on and offshore), whilst also running an Agile process (Kanban board, daily stand up, regular retro's etc). Furthermore, as Delivery Manager, you'll lead hiring efforts for further engineers, work with Product Managers to help manage backlogs and also, provide an interface between the team and the rest of the organisation.If you feel you're a good fit and would like to work with some of London's most talented developers, please do get in touch!Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£65k - £80k per annum"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Sina Faramarzi "	"JS-DMAF"	"27/11/2018 15:04:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPyy"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA	NA
"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"London - £130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Agile technology delivery consultancy specialising in Agile Digital Transformation has entered the market looking for a Head of Artificial Intelligence to head up and grow a new business line for the organization.  Reporting to the CIO, the remit of the role is help drive the consultancy on the next chapter of its journey. You will be able to inspire your clients and your teams to develop them and the practice within the AI world.  Essential Skills:  Demonstrable track record of working in a leadership role within a large consultancy capacity, where you have managed large teams, delivered enterprise level programs of work and won & developed new business from scratch; demonstrable track record of working with and advising clients on there use of AI technology and then importantly having the technical foresight to be able deliver the solution to client; passionate and have a thought leadership type background within AI showing extensive knowledge around machine learning, RPA, Chatbots, Personal Advisors etc.  My client is a highly respected technology consultancy based in a variety of locations across the UK, with over 1000 employees. However, this role sits in the newest part of the organization that has grown rapidly over the last three years building a strong presence within Big Data & Data Science and building out its AI capabilities is the next logical step on the journey. The core responsibilities for this role will include: Delivering high-quality AI consulting to clients around Advisory, Innovation Sprints, Alphas, On-going support/advice to AI delivery projects Grow revenue in line with the business plan Building a small, but highly expert AI consulting team Continually evolving the AI proposition to meet client expectations Writing and delivering client pitches and proposals Being a thought leader on AI both internally and externally This is a hugely exciting role for a candidate that has both a strong consulting pedigree helping build and shape consulting practices throughout their career but has a strong technical background to understand and help delivery AI technologies to a wide and varied audience. If you are positive person with a hands-on can-do attitude and a burning passion for all things AI, then this could just be the perfect role for you."	"London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	"Executive"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Cloudstream"	"Ben Davis "	"JSBD/AICON"	"28/11/2018 12:33:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Ggr2F"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"London - £130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Agile technology delivery consultancy specialising in Agile Digital Transformation has entered the market looking for a Head of Artificial Intelligence to head up and grow a new business line for the organization.  Reporting to the CIO, the remit of the role is help drive the consultancy on the next chapter of its journey. You will be able to inspire your clients and your teams to develop them and the practice within the AI world.  Essential Skills:  Demonstrable track record of working in a leadership role within a large consultancy capacity, where you have managed large teams, delivered enterprise level programs of work and won & developed new business from scratch; demonstrable track record of working with and advising clients on there use of AI technology and then importantly having the technical foresight to be able deliver the solution to client; passionate and have a thought leadership type background within AI showing extensive knowledge around machine learning, RPA, Chatbots, Personal Advisors etc. My client is a highly respected technology consultancy based in a variety of locations across the UK, with over 1000 employees. However, this role sits in the newest part of the organization that has grown rapidly over the last three years building a strong presence within Big Data & Data Science and building out its AI capabilities is the next logical step on the journey. The core responsibilities for this role will include: Delivering high-quality AI consulting to clients around Advisory, Innovation Sprints, Alphas, On-going support/advice to AI delivery projects Grow revenue in line with the business plan Building a small, but highly expert AI consulting team Continually evolving the AI proposition to meet client expectations Writing and delivering client pitches and proposals Being a thought leader on AI both internally and externally This is a hugely exciting role for a candidate that has both a strong consulting pedigree helping build and shape consulting practices throughout their career but has a strong technical background to understand and help delivery AI technologies to a wide and varied audience. If you are positive person with a hands-on can-do attitude and a burning passion for all things AI, then this could just be the perfect role for you."	"London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	"Executive"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Cloudstream"	"Ben Davis "	"JSBD/AICON"	"27/11/2018 09:41:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMoI"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Lead Frontend Developer - React - Artificial Intelligence"	"£70k - £90k per annum + WFH"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Frontend Developer - React - Artificial Intelligence"	"London - £70k - £90k per annum + WFH"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Lead Front End Developer - React - Artificial IntelligenceA Lead Front End Developer is required by a rapidly growing start-up who are at the forefront of Artificial intelligence. They are expanding their team after securing another huge round of funding and are attracting some of the best people within AI.As the Lead Front End Developer, you will be working on their main Market Intelligence Platform, defining and building new Front End features alongside the product team, discussing new ideas with the CTO and CEO, creating and enhancing their test infrastructure for their Front End solutions, integrating with their Back End API and much else.Requirements for Lead Front End Developer: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JavaScript, ES6React, Redux, WebpackAgile, JS testing, CI/CDGit, Github, CodeshipAny experience with the below is a bonus:Heroku and Heroku pipelinesPython/DjangoAWSSQL (PostreSQL)The successful Lead Front End Developer will have full ownership of Front End for the company's products and will be responsible for defining future technology choices and making decisions. This role offers the chance to work autonomously and is perfect for someone who is interested in Artificial Intelligence!If you are a Lead Front End Developer with React experience, please apply.Lead Front End Developer - React - Artificial Intelligence"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £90k per annum + WFH"	"Oliver Bernard"	"James Crocker "	"JS-FE-345656"	"03/12/2018 15:38:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQqQ"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA	NA
"Full Stack Developer - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Software"	"Good Daily Rate"	"London"	"Contract"	"Full Stack Developer - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Software"	"London - Good Daily Rate"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Full Stack Developer - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Software Our client are an international company with regional offices around the world. They've been around for just over 5 years now, and are going through a period of rapid growth and expansion, thanks to an innovative product that enables Banking and Financial Services companies to benefit from the use of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence There is a current and urgent need for an experienced Full Stack Developer to work alongside the existing tech team consisting of solutions architecture, machine learning engineers and software developers. The role will involve developing and delivering client solutions utilising the companies AI technology. To be successful you will need to bring the following: Experience in working as a Software Developer on projects involving data analyticsStrong hands-on dev skills. This role will also involve rolling up your sleeves and producing code using best fit technology covering Java, Python, Javascript, NodeJS, ETL, Relational Databases, NoSQL Databases/Big Data Technologies, Cloud Technologies (AWS or Azure) etc.Strong communication skills - You will be expected to gather requirements from, and interact with clients in the Banking and Financial Services industryStrong analytical/problem solving skillsAny exposure to Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence in the past would be beneficial, although not mandatory To express your interest in this opportunity please submit your CV. We look forward to hearing from you!"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Graduate, Executive"	"Good Daily Rate"	"Data Inc UK Ltd"	"DIUK Recruitment"	"JS/LBAIARCH2208"	"27/11/2018 07:03:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GjBQK"	NA	"ASAP"	"12mths + extension"
"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Ai, AR, VR, Hadoop, Scala"	"£550 - £625 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Ai, AR, VR, Hadoop, Scala"	"London - £550 - £625 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Advantage Resourcing have a fantastic contract opportunity for an AI Engineer - Computer Vision (AR/VR) to work with our client, a global Oil & Gas company at their Canary Wharf offices. This is a contract is starting ASAP for an initial 12 months duration. The role is paying £550 - 625 per day. The role: The AI Engineer role supports the Data Engineer Team Lead in building a platform to train and fine tune deep learning algorithms developed by Data Science Team. You will build an AR/VR application to use in cutting edge computer vision projects. In this role, you will report into the Data Engineer Lead. *You will support Requirement Definition enhancements *Build and Develop a platform for training and computer vision based on Deep learning *Leverage Big Data skills such as Spark in building a data platform *Assure the quality of the delivery of advanced analytics *Develop products that can be easily scaled, replicated and reused *Understand current state-of-the-art, developments and practical applications of Computer vision in industry, technology vendors, academia and open source libraries to ensure that PoCs are both leveraging the best algorithms and technology solutions and are grounded in what is realistically achievable. *Partner and instill learnings and best practice across Digital within the business. *Carry out detailed technical architecture and system design, documenting requirements capture and design as appropriate. Must have skills: *Ability to write clean, elegant and maintainable production-level code *Hadoop based big data frameworks experience *Spark experience *ne of Programming Languages - Scala, Python *RDBMS with SQL Server preferred *No SQL and in-memory databases *You will have deep experience in developing Big Data solution, using standard open source frameworks, toolkits and libraries *You will have a solid experience in developing solution using Spark and Databricks*You will have a solid experience developing solution deployed on edge devices/Servers *You will have solid experience in developing cloud solutions using Azure.Desirable skills: *Dashboard and reports using Sport Fire*OpenCV*Understanding of CNN in deep learning *Source control using GIT/VSTS*Rest API using Python/ScalaSubmit your CV now to be considered for this fantastic contract opportunity to work with one of the world's largest Oil & Gas companies in an exciting digital innovation area. This project area is exciting and cutting edge. Matthew Jones is the consultant managing this assignment. Due to the high volume of applications received, feedback cannot always be given. Advantage Resourcing is a service driven recruitment consultancy."	"London, UK"	"IT, Energy"	NA	"£550 - £625 per Day"	"Advantage Resourcing"	"Advantage Resourcing "	"JS-ADVEU_820292"	"28/11/2018 17:35:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkbBK"	NA	"ASAP"	"12 months"
"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - AI Engineer"	"Excellent Salary Packages"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - AI Engineer"	"London - Excellent Salary Packages"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"My client, a Global BIG 4 Consultancy, requires a AI Engineer with experience working on client facing customer sites offering advice, proof-of-values, industrialised solutions and end to end delivery. A extract of the official job spec is as follows. The successful consultant will show experience/exposure in most of the following areas: Detailed knowledge on a range of AI techniques (eg supervised and un-supervised machine learning techniques, deep learning, graph data analytics, statistical analysis, time series, geospatial, NLP, sentiment analysis, pattern detection, etc.) Experience using Python, R or Spark to extract insights from data Knowledge of SQL for accessing and processing data (PostgreSQL preferred but general SQL knowledge more important) Experience using the latest Data Science platforms (eg Databricks, Dataiku, AzureML, SageMaker) and frameworks (eg Tensorflow, MXNet, scikit-learn) Software engineering practices (coding practices to DS, unit testing, version control, code review) Hadoop (especially the Cloudera and Hortonworks distributions), other NoSQL (especially Neo4j and Elastic), and streaming technologies (especially Spark Streaming) Alchemy, spell casting and potion making Deep understanding of data manipulation/wrangling techniques Experience using development and deployment technologies, for instance virtualisation and management (eg Vagrant, Virtualbox), continuous integration tools (eg Jenkins, Concourse, Drone, Bamboo), configuration management tooling (eg Ansible) and containerisation technologies (eg Docker, Kubernetes, Swarm) Delivering insights using visualisation tools or libraries (Javascript preferred) Experience building and deploying solutions to Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) including Cloud provisioning tools (eg Terraform) This is an opportunity to work for one of the biggest technical consultancies in the world, working on cutting edge projects in order for you to continue to grow with \"real world, high profile\" projects. My client will consider a range of grades for this role with exceptional salary packages on offer. They will also guarantee one day working from home, although every application must be available to travel throughout the UK for 4 days per week if necessary. There are multiple base locations to chose from. Interviews to be completed this year with New Year start dates. All AI Engineers must apply with updated CV's to (see below) for immediate response. REF:JS2711_AI."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Excellent Salary Packages"	"Intelligent Trust Recruitment Limited"	"Ritchie Morris "	"JS2711_AI"	"27/11/2018 10:21:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkNeK"	NA	"January"	NA
"Java Developer"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Java Developer  - Artificial Intelligence tech house  - Contribute towards creating tech solutions that go towards solving crime and making the world a safer place!  - Candidates from mid to senior level are encouraged to apply... KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  - Expert in Java development, with upwards of 4-5 years' commercial experience.  - Experience working on large business critical web systems and platforms.  - Strong background in Back End development.  - NICE TO HAVE: Knowledge of containerisation technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker... ROLE SUMMARY:  As Java Developer, you will become an integral part of a small tech house in the Artificial Intelligence domain, who are growing rapidly thanks to commercial success (with their products already being used by a global client base) and outside investment.  This will provide you with an opportunity to work on groundbreaking cloud based software solutions that leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence to help solve high profile crimes on a global level.  We are looking to attract candidates at mid or senior level, you must be an expert in Java with demonstrable commercial experience (ideally 4-5 years' upwards). Preferably your core expertise will be in Back End development, although full stack Developers would also be a valuable addition!  As part of a growing engineering and software team, you will get ample opportunities to grow - ultimately this company is looking for people who can go on to occupy future senior and lead level positions! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"29/11/2018 12:39:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkimX"	NA	NA	NA
"RPA Developer"	"£325 - £425 per Day"	"West Midlands"	"Contract"	"RPA Developer"	"West Midlands - £325 - £425 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"RPA Developer RPA | Artificial Intelligence | SQL Server | Oracle | NICEThe RoleI have an Urgent 3 Month requirement for an experienced RPA Developer based in the West Midlands.The successful Developer will have the chance to enjoy numerous contract extensions.RPA Developer Role Requirements:RPAArtificial IntelligenceSQL ServerOracleNICEThe CompanyA government organisation in need of an experienced RPA Developer to help out with numerous projects.APPLY NOW!Interviews will be commencing ASAP so if you are available and interested then please get in touch.RPA | Artificial Intelligence | SQL Server | Oracle | NICERPA Developer Oscar Technology Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. To understand more about what we do with your data please review our privacy policy."	"West Midlands, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£325 - £425 per Day"	"Oscar Associates Ltd"	"Tom Fisher "	"JS-TFI - 38642"	"27/11/2018 18:53:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRkT"	NA	"ASAP"	"3 months"
"Senior Software Tester (Automation)"	"£45k - £60k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Tester (Automation)"	"London - £45k - £60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Senior Automation Tester  - Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence tech house  - Opportunity to help spearhead a new Test/QA team! KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  - Demonstrable commercial experience in Testing (3-4 years' or more).  - Expertise in Automation Testing and setting up Automation frameworks from scratch.  - Experience as a Tester in a Java development environment. ROLE SUMMARY:  A tech house who devise groundbreaking artificial intelligence solutions, used to carry out video analysis for the purpose of solving high profile crimes on a global level, is looking to form and grow a new Testing and QA team - and are now recruiting for a Test Engineer who may have ambitions of playing a senior/lead role in a team longer term as it grows!  We therefore need a Tester with demonstrable commercial experience (2-3 years' or more), able to work in a fast paced environment with continually changing demands.  You must be highly proficient in automated testing, to the extent of being able to set up Automation frameworks from scratch. Ideally you will have done this in a Java development environment.  In return, you'll be rewarded with the chance to progress your career in an environment where you'll be exposed to a range of cutting edge open source and cloud based technologies, contributing towards artificial intelligence solutions that are helping to make the world a safer place! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £60k"	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"29/11/2018 12:24:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiS8"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (WinOps) - Big Data/Machine Learning/AI"	"£85k - £95k per annum + bonus"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (WinOps) - Big Data/Machine Learning/AI"	"City of London - £85k - £95k per annum + bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (WinOps) - Big Data/Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence.Are you a DevOps Engineer that wants to use technology to improve the lives of patients in care? Whilst being able to set up and own the DevOps function? All whilst working with the latest technologies including BigData and Machine Learning.A DevOps Engineer (WinOps) is needed by scaling start-up who are looking to use the way data is tracked, managed and used to improve the way patients are looked after, treated with the ultimate view of using bid data and machine learning to predict changes in patient health.The founders had family members who they cared for and quickly saw how dated the way patient's data is tracked and how it is not ever used to improve patient care, to predict changes in health and to ultimately improve their quality of life.They have created mobile and web applications which automate the way patient data is collected and using a social media style UI they have improved the way this data is engaged with.They are scaling their technical team now and need a DevOps engineer (winops) to work closely with their developers and data scientist to be involved in setting up continuous integration and delivery to automate the way new features are released. Whilst also moving their application into Azure.What we need from you?Knowledge around windows infrastructure.Confident building deployment pipelines: Jenkins, bamboo, teamcity, octopus deployHave worked in an 'infrastructure as code' environment: terraform, ansible, puppet.Comfortable working very closely with developers.This is a great chance to own the function from scratch where you can make all calls with it comes to technologies and ways of working. They are currently hosted on site but are in the process of moving to Azure so anyone coming in will get to work with Azure and be involved with the migration.The team environment is small and close knit with views to rapidly expand so there is a lot of opportunity to grow in the business whilst also, working on an application which has real value!Talent Point is a Hiring Communications business, working as sole hiring partners with our customer. We've ripped up the rules and torn apart the Test Automation Engineer job spec to give you total clarity and visibility, painting a vivid picture (approved twice, both at Line and C-level) of the way this company lives, breathes and behaves, and how your role will look over years not months. We present only three applicants for every vacancy so, where we do represent you, you have a very high chance of securing a role with pre-booked interview times to plan around, in-depth vacancy details and no delays. Are you ready to seriously invest in your progression? Let's design your future.Talent Point is an equal opportunities employer and no terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation or any other class protected by applicable law.For information on how Talent Point manages and processes your personal information please see our privacy notice at talentpoint.co/privacy-policy"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£85k - £95k per annum + bonus"	"Talent Point Ltd"	"Jaspreet Manoor "	"JS-DEVAI"	"30/11/2018 17:02:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqly"	NA	NA	"Permanent"
"Senior/Junior - Full Stack Javascript Developer - AI, ML"	"£40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior/Junior - Full Stack Javascript Developer - AI, ML"	"London - £40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Javascript (Node.js/React), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's, Angular An exciting opportunity  To work at an extremely well-funded Start-up, utilising artificial intelligence and machine learning, with a track record of commercial success. This company offers highly flexible working hours; equity options and are looking for energetic and entrepreneurial people with 3+ years of commercial software development experience with some of the following - Javascript (Node.js/React/Angular), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's - to build a suite of applications. They are looking for somebody who can cover all stages of the development pipeline. Day to Day You will work in a small team of professional form varying disciplines taking responsibility for products and features. Building important products ranging from elegant dashboards to interfaces which interact with ML prediction modules. Improve your coding skills through support from an extensive code review, CI and thorough testing. There are remote working opportunities and they provide a flexible working schedule. Experience and Exposure 3+ years of experience developing software commercially. Ability to learn and pick up new skills, frameworks and technologies eg Javascript (Node.js/React/Angular), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's. Working with teams in a collaborative fashion brainstorming to solve problems and supporting weaker members of the team to improve overall results. Desired Skills/Exposure  Exposure to IOT technologies. AI, ML or GPU Technologies. Commercial exposure to the transport sector. Management experience."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"Optima Connections"	"Jim Smart "	"JSFULLSTACKDEV3"	"03/12/2018 11:27:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlN3S"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Software Engineer"	""	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Who is AMPLYFI? AMPLYFI is an artificial intelligence and advanced data analytics company headquartered in the Welsh capital. Our flagship platform, DataVoyant, is a game-changer in the sphere of business intelligence, informing organisations of global market trends, technology advances and emerging business disrupters to maintain their competitive advantage. It is a deep learning powered bridge between data scientists and Business Intelligence teams. We're based right in the heart of Cardiff, in Tramshed Tech - a funky co-working space for the creative and tech industry that's less than a five-minute walk from central station. We have the best of both worlds with our own large office space, as well as access to the co-working space, giving us endless opportunity to network with other cutting-edge companies and attend events and meet-ups. The AMPLYFI Team We're all about the team - it's super important to us that everyone gets on and enjoys working with each other. We like each other so much, that we even spend some of our evenings and weekend hanging out. Whether that's going to the cinema, playing beach volleyball or just grabbing a cheeky beer or two. One of our co-founders has proudly built an office bar that is always stocked with a great selection of ales, beers, ciders and wine! We're a pretty autonomous bunch, with a flat structure and a flexible approach to how we work. We encourage creativity and welcome people to share new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact. We're doing industry-shaking work so out of the box thinking is essential. We don't have a dress code and we have a flexible approach to work hours so you can be yourself and perform at your best. You should know that we are big dog fans with a resident pooch, Milo. As acting Head of Cuddles, he's always on hand to give you some affection and a boost when you need it. Working as part of AMPLYFI's software engineering team. We're developing software, tools and techniques to harvest huge quantities of data from the surface and deep web, process that data at scale to extract features and then feed those corpuses into our Machine Learning platform to identify emerging technologies, the companies behind them and how that fits into a global landscape. As a Senior Software Engineer you will have, or build an understanding of the whole stack, from web harvesting at scale, feature extraction, Machine Learning and delivering new and exciting insights to our customers. Software - C# .NET Core 2, Python 3, Angular 6, TypeScript Stack - AWS, Serverless, Message Queues, ElasticSearch Who are you? Have a number of years' experience in the joys and pain of production systems, preferably at scale. Knowledge of a number of programming languages, with a strong sense of the right, and the wrong, way of engineering things. You actively work to encourage and educate less experienced team members. You must be a forward thinker that can bring new ideas to the table. Have the enthusiasm and a flair for troubleshooting and problem solving. Pride and accuracy in everything you do. Ability to deliver to deadlines. If you would like to hear more on why AMPLYFI is an exceptional place to work, please contact Chloe Murray, Talent Manager, today. "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Talentbe - Amplyfi"	"Chloe Murray"	"JS"	"03/12/2018 07:03:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi22Q"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Full Stack Engineer"	""	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Senior Full Stack Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Who is AMPLYFI? AMPLYFI is an artificial intelligence and advanced data analytics company headquartered in the Welsh capital. Our flagship platform, DataVoyant, is a game-changer in the sphere of business intelligence, informing organisations of global market trends, technology advances and emerging business disrupters to maintain their competitive advantage. It is a deep learning powered bridge between data scientists and Business Intelligence teams. We're based right in the heart of Cardiff, in Tramshed Tech - a funky co-working space for the creative and tech industry that's less than a five-minute walk from central station. We have the best of both worlds with our own large office space, as well as access to the co-working space, giving us endless opportunity to network with other cutting-edge companies and attend events and meet-ups. The AMPLYFI Team We're all about the team - it's super important to us that everyone gets on and enjoys working with each other. We like each other so much, that we even spend some of our evenings and weekend hanging out. Whether that's going to the cinema, playing beach volleyball or just grabbing a cheeky beer or two. One of our co-founders has proudly built an office bar that is always stocked with a great selection of ales, beers, ciders and wine! We're a pretty autonomous bunch, with a flat structure and a flexible approach to how we work. We encourage creativity and welcome people to share new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact. We're doing industry-shaking work so out of the box thinking is essential. We don't have a dress code and we have a flexible approach to work hours so you can be yourself and perform at your best. You should know that we are big dog fans with a resident pooch, Milo. As acting Head of Cuddles, he's always on hand to give you some affection and a boost when you need it. Working as part of AMPLYFI's software engineering team. We're developing software, tools and techniques to harvest huge quantities of data from the surface and deep web, process that data at scale to extract features and then feed those corpuses into our Machine Learning platform to identify emerging technologies, the companies behind them and how that fits into a global landscape.As a Senior Full Stack Software Engineer you will have, or build an understanding of the whole stack. You'll be involved in searching and harvesting the web at scale, document feature extraction, through to delivering new and exciting insights to our customers via our SAAS offerings. Software - Modern JavaScript, C# .NET Core 2, Python 3, Angular 6, TypeScriptStack - AWS, CDNs, Serverless, Message Queues, ElasticSearch Who are you? Have a number of years' experience in the joys and pain of production systems, preferably at scale. Knowledge of a number of programming languages, with a strong sense of the right, and the wrong, way of engineering things. You actively work to encourage and educate less experienced team members. You must be a forward thinker that can bring new ideas to the table. Have the enthusiasm and a flair for troubleshooting and problem solving. Pride and accuracy in everything you do. Ability to deliver to deadlines. If you would like to hear more on why AMPLYFI is an exceptional place to work, please get in touch with Chloe Murray, Talent Manager, today. "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Talentbe - Amplyfi"	"Chloe Murray"	"JS"	"03/12/2018 07:03:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi22s"	NA	NA	NA
"Java Developer"	"£70k - £90k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"London - £70k - £90k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Do you want to work with Artificial intelligence?Are you a Java Developer tired of working on the same old BAU projects? Do you want to work in a more dynamic environment where you'll work with microservices architecture, Java 8 and AWS/Azure/GCP as standard? Then this is the role for you! Come and be a Java Developer in London's premier AI business, working on exciting applications every day!The crux of the role is centred on developing large-scale, microservices-based applications to serve genuine business problems think identity management and big data, meaning you'll always be tackling really interesting, complex solutions.As a Java Developer, it's the core skills you've gained that make you a good fit for this role - Java 7/8, SpringBoot, best engineering practices, particularly around TDD. Aside from this, it's the genuine passion to learn and explore that will set you apart form the competition. Given that you'll be a Java Developer in the newest tech focusing on Artificial intelligence, expect the be challenged! There's a clearly defined career path into Senior, which will in turn lead to a Lead Java Developer position and onto a Principle - so plenty to keep you progressing in your career!Interviews are only one stage, so there'll be no messing around with 100s of technical tests to find the right role - this is it! Hit apply now to find out more!Talent Point is a Hiring Communications business, working as sole hiring partners with our customer. We've ripped up the rules and torn apart the job spec to give you total clarity and visibility, painting a vivid picture (approved twice, both at Line and C-level) of the way this company lives, breathes and behaves, and how your role will look over years not months. We present only three applicants for every vacancy so, where we do represent you, you have a very high chance of securing a role with pre-booked interview times to plan around, in-depth vacancy details and no delays. Are you ready to seriously invest in your progression? Let's design your future.Talent Point is an equal opportunities employer and no terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation or any other class protected by applicable law. For information on how Talent Point manages and processes your personal information please see our privacy at talentpoint.co/privacy-policy/."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £90k per annum"	"Talent Point Ltd"	"James Severs "	"JS-VOLO56467"	"28/11/2018 18:59:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkbrq"	NA	NA	NA
"Java Developer"	"£75k - £85k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"London - £75k - £85k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Do you want to work with Artificial intelligence? Are you ready to take the step into a lead role?A Java Technical Lead is needed to head up a new team as part of a fantastic development function headquartered in London, with particular focus on engineering a greenfield, Artificial Inelegance, cloud-based application in Java, AWS and Microservices. The organisation have been hugely successful in providing an all-encompassing Artificial Inelegance platform across a variety of huge organisations and are now looking to engineer a brand new application in Java, restful services and AWS that will see them make an exciting foray into a brand-new market. With the application being engineered to process huge amounts of data concurrently, previous exposure of high-transactional systems would be a definite bonus. It is expected that the Java Technical Lead will be able to demonstrate a history of engineering enterprise-level applications, and have at least read around Microservices. With exposure to cloud and the opportunity to be involved from day one on a greenfield project, this has all the makings of an amazing role, especially with a continued learning curve to take the Java Technical Lead down the architecture and/or management route. Apply Now! Talent Point is a Hiring Communications business, working as sole hiring partners with our customer. We've ripped up the rules and torn apart the job spec to give you total clarity and visibility, painting a vivid picture (approved twice, both at Line and C-level) of the way this company lives, breathes and behaves, and how your role will look over years not months. We present only three applicants for every vacancy so, where we do represent you, you have a very high chance of securing a role with pre-booked interview times to plan around, in-depth vacancy details and no delays. Are you ready to seriously invest in your progression? Let's design your future.Talent Point is an equal opportunities employer and no terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation or any other class protected by applicable law. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£75k - £85k per annum"	"Talent Point Ltd"	"James Severs "	"JS-VOL87542989"	"28/11/2018 18:54:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkbpo"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"DevOps Engineer - London - 6 months - £400-450pd"	"£400-450pd"	"London"	"Contract"	"DevOps Engineer - London - 6 months - £400-450pd"	"London - £400-450pd"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A DevOps Engineer is required to work for an exciting artificial intelligence company who help companies become more profitable, optimize costs, meet or surpass goals or explain the reason for potential outcomes months before they happen through powerful machine learning. The DevOps Engineer will progress the development of API creation & deployment, cloud infrastructure creation & management, automation & Scripting. The DevOps Engineer will have the following skills: Creation of cloud infrastructure on either Amazon Webservices (AWS) or Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Automation, scheduling and Scripting Creation of multiple end-point API's (microservices) Python (core requirement) Node.js JavaScript Terminal (OSX) Docker Github January start date London 6 months £400-450pd"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£400-450pd"	"NST Recruitment Limited"	"Andrew Evans "	"JSDE"	"03/12/2018 10:18:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlM5k"	NA	"January"	"6 months"
"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Consulting Engineer/Semantic Specialist (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)We are looking for a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist (Artificial Intelligence, Analytics) to join our up and coming startup dedicated to bringing innovative research in semantic technologies to numerous applications including the financial services, industry and engineering/design.We are taking years of academic research from one of the highest-ranking universities in the world and turning it into a product that will improve vast areas of the commercial world. Laying the foundations for new generation data access with conceptual modelling, processing and the development of infrastructure to support analytical tasks.As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist within our business, you will be able to come on board utilising your experience working with different kinds of technical businesses; to have an ability to plug in to how different clients operate. As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, you will attend meetings with the development team, understand the platform in its entirety so that you can guide different technical teams through how it works.What we can offer as a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist:To be a part of an early stage start up with links to one of the world's most highly regarded institutions as well as some well-publicised leaders.To be a part of a rapidly growing startup, working in a very friendly flexible environment.To be a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialistin a brand new area of Semantics and Artificial Intelligence; right at the cutting edge of current technology. Key Skills: Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, Startup, BSc, MSc, PhD,Comp Sci, Mathematics, Consultant, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence. "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH5431"	"30/11/2018 11:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp32"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA
"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Consulting Engineer/Semantic Specialist (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)We are looking for a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist (Artificial Intelligence, Analytics) to join our up and coming startup dedicated to bringing innovative research in semantic technologies to numerous applications including the financial services, industry and engineering/design.We are taking years of academic research from one of the highest-ranking universities in the world and turning it into a product that will improve vast areas of the commercial world. Laying the foundations for new generation data access with conceptual modelling, processing and the development of infrastructure to support analytical tasks.As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist within our business, you will be able to come on board utilising your experience working with different kinds of technical businesses; to have an ability to plug in to how different clients operate. As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, you will attend meetings with the development team, understand the platform in its entirety so that you can guide different technical teams through how it works.What we can offer as a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist:To be a part of an early stage start up with links to one of the world's most highly regarded institutions as well as some well-publicised leaders.To be a part of a rapidly growing startup, working in a very friendly flexible environment.To be a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialistin a brand new area of Semantics and Artificial Intelligence; right at the cutting edge of current technology. Key Skills: Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, Startup, BSc, MSc, PhD,Comp Sci, Mathematics, Consultant, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence. "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH5431"	"03/12/2018 05:00:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHho"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA
"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"£120k - £150k per annum + shares"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"London - £120k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company)We are a tier one VC backed world leading Artificial Intelligence company, looking for a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company) with strong skills within Probabilistic Programming, Bayesian Inference or Deep Learning to come and join our dedicated research lab; specialising in researching, applying and publishing papers within one of the most interesting and popular areas within Artificial Intelligence currently.As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist within our startup/SME (currently 250 people) you will not only help push forward our current work within simulation and virtual words - you will be a big part of helping us achieve our dream of building the most accurate Real Time economic model of the world and beyond. With the technology that we create, the applications could be endless! As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, the research that you create within the areas of Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Probabilistic Programming, and Probabilistic Modelling you could be able push forward work theoretically within the areas of Energy waste reduction, the affect of electronic cars on power grids, compleix decision making of AI agents and more.The way that we work is very similar to academia; so, if you like working at the cutting edge of AI research though feel frustrated at the lack of real world application - perhaps our Machine Learning Research team could be a good match for you.What we can offer a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist A place in our world-class Research team amongst some of the industry's finest minds within Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Modelling and Probabilistic ProgrammingA chance as a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist to attend conferences worldwide, collaborate with Universities and leading academics in the field. An opportunity to retain the culture of an academic researcher though within a company working on real-world problems.A chance to publish your own papersWe CAN sponsor visas and are very open to talking to people from outside the European Union too.Relocation packages provided.Keywords: Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, Machine Learning Scientist, ML, Artificial Intelligence, NIPS, ICML, ICRA, BAYES, BIPS, Probabilistic Programming, Probabilistic Modelling, Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Bayesian non-parametric models, Deep Learning, PPL, Statistics, Neural Networks, DNNs, CNNs, GANs, Econometrics, Research, Computer Science, Python, C++, Java, Julia, PhD, MSc, DPhil, MPhil"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£120k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-SM-4011"	"03/12/2018 05:00:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhr"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Python Solutions Engineer"	"£60k - £80k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python Solutions Engineer"	"London - £60k - £80k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Python Solutions Engineer - using tech to disrupt - London Python Solutions Engineer is required for exciting and innovative artificial intelligence and natural language processing NLP company based in London. Python Solutions Engineer will be working closely with the Front End and solutions engineers, scientists, the ML stack, and the product team to define and build new greenfield projects. The company believes in their mission, and that it can help people/organisations worldwide, so it means the environment there is awesome. Python Solutions Engineer will be meeting new clients to understand their needs and help them build a solution that works. The development team uses various different programming languages with a particular focus on Python+Django and ReactJS+Redux. The company is made up of some of the very best software developers and mathematicians. Each brings their unique perspective from their backgrounds in computer science, physics, mathematics and engineering. Specialties: Python+Django and ReactJS+Redux, artificial intelligence (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP) and machine learning algorithms. Send your CV for immediately review and further details."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £80k"	"Venture Up Ltd"	"Burim Hykaj"	"JSBH- 07098"	"29/11/2018 07:02:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GhGDr"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Python Fullstack Developer"	"£60k - £80k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python Fullstack Developer"	"London - £60k - £80k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Python Fullstack Developer - using tech to disrupt - London Python Fullstack Developer is required for exciting and innovative artificial intelligence and natural language processing NLP company based in London. You will be working closely with the Front End and solutions engineers, scientists, the ML stack, and the product team to define and build new greenfield projects. The company believes in their mission, and that it can help people/organisations worldwide, so it means the environment there is awesome. The development team uses various different programming languages with a particular focus on Python+Django and ReactJS+Redux. The company is made up of some of the very best software developers and mathematicians. Each brings their unique perspective from their backgrounds in computer science, physics, mathematics and engineering. Specialties: Python+Django and ReactJS+Redux, artificial intelligence (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP) and machine learning algorithms. Join an exciting company with many opportunities to progress your Python/React fullstack programming career. Send your CV for immediately review and further details."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £80k"	"Venture Up Ltd"	"Burim Hykaj"	"JSBH- 01654"	"29/11/2018 07:02:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GhGEy"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Python/Java Machine Learning/AI Developer - Finance - £55k-£85k"	"£55k - £85k per annum + bonus"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Python/Java Machine Learning/AI Developer - Finance - £55k-£85k"	"City of London - £55k - £85k per annum + bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Python/Java Machine Learning/AI Developer - London based Brokerage - up to £85kPython/Java Developer required to work on the next generation of artificial intelligence(AI)/machine learning technology at a leading financial services brokerage in London. The team operate like a fintech within the organisation, focussing on creating cutting edge technical solutions within a collaborative and innovative environment, much of the work is greenfield.As a Python/Java Developer within this team you will also have extensive exposure to; Cloud AWS, JavaScript with react and openfin applications. This is an expanding team with a lot of investment being invested into their development with the AI/machine learning space too. The role will also give a strong Python/Java technologist exposure to the financial services market and provide an understanding of how large transactions are carried out and processed.The successful Python/Java Developer can look to receive between £55,000 and £85,000 base, plus a healthy package and bonus.Requirements:Commercial Python or Java development experienceExperience with Cloud platforms, ideally AWSExperience of working on the full software development life cycleIdeally experience or an interest in AI/Machine LearningFinancial Services experience desirable, but not essentialStrong academic profile (Computer Science preferred)Full job specification can be provided upon applicationMcGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£55k - £85k per annum + bonus"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Luke Nutley "	"JS-LN1423398"	"30/11/2018 16:29:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqhb"	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "	NA	NA
"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	""	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst, Data, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeDue to rapid growth this high flying software house with a sound grounding in artificial intelligence and machine learning is looking for another talented individual to join their diverse team. The team that they have backing them are true experts in building and growing cutting edge technology companies taking them to new heights.It is certainly an exciting time to be joining them.The skills that we are looking for is someone that has proven experience in writing rules ideally in technology with a finance/banking background that can comprehend complex client requirements, must have solid experience working with complex data and analysing this, up to date in producing documentation that is line with different regulations/audit requirements, the ability to use data manipulation with an understanding of databases such as SQL, directly working on customers requirements and used to presenting to others.Due to the nature of the role it requires someone to be analytically minded.A degree is not required but any supporting qualification would be welcomed especially from financial backgrounds.The Product Delivery Consultant role will give you plenty of different tasks to be getting involved with: acting as the industry expert, working closely with clients to understand their needs so that the correct rules and data are acquired, learning a deeper understanding of the rules, being a consultant of behalf of the company, assisting the internal team and other departments to understand different patterns and coach team members.This is a far cry from your usual opportunity and software house.Vibrant energetic team, excellent location, competitive salary and more perks than you can probably think of.We are excited by this client and we think you will be too.Sound interesting?Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employer.Keywords - Analyst, Banking, Finance, Cambridge, SQL, DatabasesModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer. By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Cambridge, UK"	"Finance, Sales and Marketing"	NA	NA	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154828"	"03/12/2018 14:48:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQI7"	NA	NA	NA
"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst, Data, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeDue to rapid growth this high flying software house with a sound grounding in artificial intelligence and machine learning is looking for another talented individual to join their diverse team. The team that they have backing them are true experts in building and growing cutting edge technology companies taking them to new heights.It is certainly an exciting time to be joining them.The skills that we are looking for is someone that has proven experience in writing rules ideally in technology with a finance/banking background that can comprehend complex client requirements, must have solid experience working with complex data and analysing this, up to date in producing documentation that is line with different regulations/audit requirements, the ability to use data manipulation with an understanding of databases such as SQL, directly working on customers requirements and used to presenting to others. Due to the nature of the role it requires someone to be analytically mindedA degree is not required but any supporting qualification would be welcomed especially from financial backgrounds.The Product Delivery Consultant role will give you plenty of different tasks to be getting involved with: acting as the industry expert, working closely with clients to understand their needs so that the correct rules and data are acquired, learning a deeper understanding of the rules, being a consultant of behalf of the company, assisting the internal team and other departments to understand different patterns and coach team members.This is a far cry from your usual opportunity and software house.Vibrant energetic team, excellent location, competitive salary and more perks than you can probably think of.We are excited by this client and we think you will be too.Sound interesting?Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Analyst, Banking, Finance, Cambridge, SQL, Databases,Modis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154828"	"28/11/2018 11:30:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXQt"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Senior Systems Administrator (move towards DevOps)"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Systems Administrator (move towards DevOps)"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Senior/Lead Systems Administrator - progress into DevOps!  - Opportunity for an experienced SysAdmin looking to get more into DevOps.  - Artificial Intelligence tech house devising cloud solutions that help to prevent crime and save lives! KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE NEEDED:  - Demonstrable experience in Systems Administration in a Linux environment.  - Strong networking knowledge.  - Ideally DevOps experience, although the role could suit somebody looking to gain further experience in this.  - A preference and passion for working with cutting edge open source tech!  - Some of the following would also be advantageous: Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Python Scripting, AWS, Jenkins... ROLE SUMMARY:  A rapidly growing tech house in the artificial intelligence domain, with an internationally successful product set, is about to launch a new range of products and is therefore seeking a Lead SysAdmin/DevOps Engineer as a result of growth.  You will be working on cloud platforms that support state of the art AI solutions, and contribute towards solving high profile crimes globally, with clients including law enforcement and police departments across various countries.  You will need to be a highly experienced Systems Administrator/Infrastructure Engineer, capable of occupying a lead/senior role and taking full ownership of projects from end to end within a small team. Linux expertise is required, and ideally some DevOps experience or at least a desire to move further in this direction!  In addition, you will need to be well versed in delivering cloud based solutions, and ideally have a passion for working with exciting open source tech! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"29/11/2018 12:29:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiaQ"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - London"	"£60k - £85k"	"London, England"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - London"	"London, England - £60k - £85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Love to problem solve? Experienced in Machine Learning, Algorithms? Want to be involved in industry disruptive technologies. Be-ITs client is building Artificial Intelligence focussed on optimising large-scale project delivery. They are changing the consulting industry and need passionate and experienced people to join them. Our clients customer-facing teams provide consultancy support to a range of different clients on all aspects of data from Cradle through to grave. They work mainly, but not exclusively, in the Financial Services sector and their clients call on them to deliver the most challenging assignments going. Theyre proud of the outstanding work they deliver to their clients and aim to significantly exceed client expectations on each project they undertake. Data Science is a core part of their customer-facing work, with previous and current Data Science engagements including: Using Data Science to diagnose the reasons for under-performance in a client product portfolio, along with remediation actions required to address this shortfall; Developing novel applications of Data Science to help better understand the clients Customers, Markets, Products and Competitors; Developing Machine Learning algorithms and tools to help improve client data quality and data consistency; Using Machine Learning to improve the delivery of a large portfolio of client projects; Using Data Science to help detect fraud and ensure compliance with Anti Money Laundering obligations; Design, build, delivery and operation of Data Science innovation laboratories, including provision of interim specialist resources to help embed the new labs. For all their roles, it is essential for you to have a minimum of 3 years hands-on experience of undertaking Data Science in a commercial or applied RD environment and that you are comfortable working on client sites as part of an Embedded team. You must also have excellent client-handling skills, be a fluent communicator in written and spoken English and be able to work with a diverse range of client staff from recent graduates through to senior management. Their hands-on Data Scientists are highly skilled at deriving insight from large, complex, data sets using a range of different platforms and technologies. They work in languages such as R and Python and work with both structured and unstructured data sets. Normally, their Data Scientists work as part of a multi-disciplinary, agile, team that also includes Business Analysts, Data Engineers and Data Visualisation SMEs. Their strategic Data Science role holders must also be able to undertake hands-on Data Science investigations but, in addition, must have direct experience of designing, building and/or operating a Data Science service, such as a laboratory or similar team/capability. These roles often involve liaison with very senior client stakeholders and require exceptional strategy and technology foresight skills. You will normally have a minimum of 8-10 years experience in Data Science to be considered, although this is not an essential requirement of the post. It is, however, an essential requirement that you have previously worked on at least one Data Science capability definition/delivery project, as outlined above. Please note also that you must be willing to work up to 4 days per week on one or more of our clients sites as part of this role and we are not able to guarantee from the outset at which client site you will be based. We will, of course, do all we can to locate our staff in their preferred location(s), but you must be prepared to travel to, and work, in UK locations. Essential requirements 3 years hands-on Data Science experience in a commercial environment (for all customer-facing roles) Broad understanding and experience of ML and AI principles (key assumptions and benefits of ML and AI; algorithm types; experiment design; limitations of ML and AI etc) Confident ML software coding skills (preferably in Python, R and SQL) Demonstrable hands-on experience with ML libraries (such as scikitlearn and/or TensorFlow) Strong in statistical data analysis (eg for data visualisation, data insights and feature engineering) Passion for Data Science, actively seeking out opportunities for learning and development. Confident in working autonomously and as part of a multidisciplinary team Fluent communicator in both written and spoken English, with an engaging personality and a professional, yet approachable, style Excellent presentation and report-writing skills Strong client-handling skills, able to deal maturely with client requests and challenges A Masters degree in maths, physics, computer science or other highly numerate discipline from a leading university In-depth experience in one or more of the following areas: Machine Learning/Deep Learning Information retrieval Text mining Neural networks Bayesian models Graph theory Natural language processing (NLP) Recommendation engines If you are interested in finding out more about this position please apply online."	"London, England, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £85k"	"Be-IT Resourcing"	"Alastair Philp"	"JS"	"28/11/2018 12:33:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkYQv"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)We are seeking a Systems or DevOps Engineer with experience of complex Linux environments to work for one of the most exciting companies in the UK building artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicle technologies!As the DevOps Engineer you will have the opportunity to work with a team building next generation autonomous vehicle technologies using AI and Computer Vision to change the way we travel. You will be part of the wider DevOps team, focussed on improving CI, deployment process and cloud systems utilising modern automation and container tooling.Skills required for the DevOps Engineer;Worked within complex, scalable Linux environmentsBroad technical knowledge which could include Scripting or development languages and Continuous Integration (CI) tooling and methodsExposure to Docker, Kubernetes or cloud technology (AWS) would be very beneficial DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)Salary: £60,000 - £70,000 plus shares and great benefitsLocation: Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Lynch "	"JS-MW-SSDO"	"02/12/2018 14:00:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFEo"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA
"Front End Developer JavaScript - AI start-up"	"£80k - £120k per annum + Bonus, shares"	"East London"	"Permanent"	"Front End Developer JavaScript - AI start-up"	"East London - £80k - £120k per annum + Bonus, shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Title: Front End Developer (JavaScript, React.js, AI)Salary: £80-120KLocation: East LondonFront End Developer (JavaScript) with commercial React.js experience is sought by a very promising Artificial Intelligence (AI) start-up within the finance sector. As a Front End Developer in an intimate team, you will be a critical decision maker in the direction of their product, whilst building and maintaining a high quality component library.Required skills for Front End Developer:5+ years of experience of JavaScript and JavaScript patternsExtensive experience in React.js/ReduxProficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issuesA passion for code ownership and testing strategiesThis is a great opportunity for an experienced Front End Developer who is keen to work for a product-focused company, which will be used by family & friends.The successful applicant will profit from a competitive salary + benefits (discretionary bonus, shares, and flexible working). Please apply.Front End Developer JavaScript - AI start-up"	"East London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£80k - £120k per annum + Bonus, shares"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Matthew Elstow "	"JS-FAD12"	"03/12/2018 18:32:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSrW"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	"ASAP"	NA
"Python AI Developer - London Start Up - Multiple - £50k-£130k"	"£50k - £130k per annum + bonus/share"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python AI Developer - London Start Up - Multiple - £50k-£130k"	"London - £50k - £130k per annum + bonus/share"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Python AI Developer - London Start Up - Multiple Roles - £50k-£130kA rapidly expanding start up in London are looking to hire a number of python technologists to work on their artificial intelligence (AI) platform. Prior experience within the AI field is not essential, but it is highly beneficial to have a strong interest. As a strong Python technologist you should also be competent in one or more other programming languages (Java, Scala, Golang), as the team utilise and interact with a number of other systems.The company themselves provide services for a wide range of individuals and large clients, from small high street companies to tier one Investment Banks.They are open to speaking to a range of experience levels and you can look to receive between £50,000 and £130,000 base, plus package, bonus and potential equity share.RequirementsStrong Python technologistOther programming language experience (Java, Scala, Golang)Strong interest/experience within the AI spaceStrong communication and problem-solving skillsStrong academics (preferably comp sci, other sciences or maths)Full job spec can be provided upon applicationMcGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£50k - £130k per annum + bonus/share"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Luke Nutley "	"JS-MB89383474"	"30/11/2018 16:29:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqhd"	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "	NA	NA
"Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant"	"£32k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant"	"City of London - £32k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant, Degree, Mathematics, Computing, Science, £depending on experience + benefits, Central LondonThis leading software house who is an expert in use of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence has created a rewarding opening for a Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant. Gifted in the use of analytics their growth has excelled year on year. They have become one of the Fintech companies to watch out for.What are we looking for in you?-Outstanding communication skills both written and verbally, confident speaking to people from a wide audience.-Solid academic background holding a 2.1 or better ideally in a computing, mathematical, engineering, science, physics but other subjects would not be ruled out. -Competent technical awareness in pre/post sales capacity, understanding of cloud computing, operating systems, networking or engineering and a grasp of machine learning would not go unnoticed but this is not essential. -Strong business acumen, excellent presentation skills and well versed in consulting with technical clients. -Happy to travel on behalf of the company.Your role as a Fintech Pre-sales Consultant:-Writing proposals, presenting and stakeholder management.-Being seen as a trusted advisor and maintain strong relationships.-Liaising between the technical teams and commercial side of the business.-Designing solutions for clients, attend conferences and providing demonstrations. Prestige offices, great benefits and a rewarding future with a company that is at the very heart of cutting edge technology.Feel free to apply via the link or give us a call.Please note we are on the suppliers list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis are operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Technology, Consultant, London, Cloud, Degree, Computing, Physics, Mathematical, Science, Engineering, FintechModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£32k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1150560"	"28/11/2018 13:59:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkZgB"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Network Engineer - Coventry - £48,000 - £57,000"	"£48k - £57k"	"Coventry, Warwickshire"	"Permanent"	"Network Engineer - Coventry - £48,000 - £57,000"	"Coventry, Warwickshire - £48k - £57k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Network Engineer - Coventry - £48,000 - £57,000 - CCNP, MPLS, OSPF Lynx Recruitment is working with a very exciting start up who specialise within Data and Artificial intelligence. I am on the look out for a Network Engineer to join their growing team in their Coventry office. The Network Engineer is responsible for maintaining the design and integrity of my clients global network, including customer-facing hosted and cloud environments. As the Network Engineer, you will provide expert technical assistance to clients, project and service teams. Skills and Experience:- In-depth knowledge of switching and routing protocols, to include but not limited to OSPF, RIPv2, BGP- Knowledge of WAN Technologies, MPLS, VPLS, VPN- Cisco CCNP or equivalent professional technical qualification- Working knowledge of software defined networking with VMware VCP-NSX desirable- Working knowledge of VMware and/or Microsoft Virtualisation Infrastructure- Experience designing, installing, configuring and maintaining large scale global network infrastructure If this Network Engineer role is of interest then please apply!"	"Coventry, Warwickshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£48k - £57k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Bradley Parker"	"JS"	"28/11/2018 17:59:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gh3nq"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)"	"£55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)"	"London - £55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning) £55,000 - £65,000 + flex workingWe are seeking a DevOps Engineer with strong development skills to help the improvement of DevOps process and tooling for a hugely talented team building artificial intelligence and machine learning platforms.The team offer a flexible working environment with the option of part remote work.We are looking for a DevOps Engineer who has:Strong development/programming knowledge using either Go, Python or Java (open to languages)Container knowledge using Docker or KubernetesBroad tech experience which could include CI tooling and process, automation or LinuxExperience with Solr search platformsAs the DevOps Engineer you will ensure vital, highly available Servers, systems and tooling are reliable, robust and scalable, proactively improving process and architecture, improving deployment process and working with the wider software engineering team to look into future operations improvements.DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)Salary: £55,000 - £65,000 plus benefits and flexible workingLocation: London"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Jamie Carr "	"JS-(J2472)"	"02/12/2018 14:00:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFEl"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA
"JavaScript React contract"	"£400 - £450/day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"JavaScript React contract"	"City of London - £400 - £450/day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"I have a brand-new contract requirement for a client based in West London, due to their continued growth they are looking to add an engineer to the Front End development team on a contract basis. The client is an Artificial Intelligence firm, they are looking to migrate some of their testing tools and Front End practices over to modern React and JEST to be considered for this role you should have solid commercial experience in most of the following areas:JavaScript, ES6React, ReduxWebpackJEST, Jasmine, KarmaCSS3 and SASSHTML5Are you currently looking for new projects in London; the client is happy to start a contractor either immediately or in January, the rate on offer is between £400 - £450.day (Dependent on experience); this position would suit a solid mid-level engineer or an engineer who has just progressed to senior level.If you would like to hear more about the position feel free to send me an up to date version of your CV or call into the office.I look forward to hearing from you."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£400 - £450/day"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Jonathan Cons "	"JS-JAC27112018"	"27/11/2018 15:51:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQN2"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	"ASAP"	"6 months"
"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security"	"Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security"	"City of London - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security, networking, degree, £competitive + benefits, Central London + travelThere is no doubt that this entrepreneurial and heavily funded cyber security organisation is on the of the worlds most successful cyber companies around. Their approach to cyber security involves the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning making them a pioneering cyber company to work for.It doesn't get much better than this.The type of person we would like to speak to will have operated in an Information Security type environment, solid understanding of networking principles, it is essential that you have graduated from at least a Russell Group university or an international university of similar standard holding the equivalent a 2.1 degree in computing, engineering, physics, mathematics, natural sciences or something related, breath and depth of consulting on various security topics or networking Cisco and Firewalls, confident with pre sales cycle and able to give examples of where you have collaborated with different IT teams to build and find solutions for clients, implementing some form of software system, providing after care and support, anyone that is fluent in another language would be a welcomed applicant but please do not be put off from applying if you do not possess another language, confident and well versed in speaking to clients from various backgrounds from ground floor to Senior management.Please ensure you are able to travel on an international basis and happy to do so at minimal notice - we think that's pretty exciting though.In return for you hard work you will be joining one of the elite cyber security companies, learning about a truly fascinating field, being the point of contact between clients and different departments within the company and deploying the companies cutting edge product.Plush Central London location, chance to travel, rubbing shoulders with some incredibly bright people, competitive salary + company bonus is all on offer.Feel free to apply via the link or just give us a call.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.MODIS are operating as an Employment Agency. MODIS are an equal opportunities employer Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Keywords - Security, Cyber, Information, Networking, London, University, Degree, Sales, Cisco, Firewalls, Modis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"Graduate"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1153642"	"03/12/2018 14:03:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPo8"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Developer - .NET Core"	"£28k - £55k per annum"	"Belfast"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer - .NET Core"	"Belfast - £28k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 26 November 2018"	""	"Work for one of Ireland's 'Best Managed Companies' and develop only the best enterprise mobility solutions Your new company  Recently announced as one of Ireland's 'Best Managed Companies', my client focuses on developing powerful enterprise mobility solutions that combine mobile workforce management with dynamic scheduling, IoT and intelligent analytics. Bolstered with artificial intelligence, they have a proven track record of transforming organisations by increasing efficiency and driving operational excellence. Want to join an award-winning team? Look no further!Your new role  As the new software developer, you'll utilise a number of sought-after technologies including C#, .NET Core, REST API, Swagger, Angular, Bootstrap, SQL Azure, Microservices, Docker (and others) to developing high-quality app solutions within an agile team. You will actively participate in all aspects of Agile processes, incl. Sprint planning, sizing from elaborated stories, daily stand-ups, shift-left automated testing, demos and retros. Other responsibilities include supporting the drive of turning applications fully cloud native, as well as share the common mindset of moving towards full Infrastructure as code and continuous deployment.What you'll need to succeed  To succeed in this role you'll need 2+ years' experience in the software industry, ideally working within the .NET stack or equivalent, as well as experience in Server Side application developing utilising OO design, design patterns and refactoring. What you'll get in return  In return you'll receive a competitive salary, on-site parking (unusual for Belfast city-centre!) and a number of other benefits.What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Belfast, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£28k - £55k per annum"	"Hays DT - Northern Ireland"	"Juliann Deegan "	"JS-3481897"	"26/11/2018 20:01:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkADt"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Data Engineer - London"	"£40k-£60k"	"London, South, England"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineer - London"	"London, South, England - £40k-£60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Be-IT are currently working with a Consultancy who are looking to revolutionise the industry with their unique approach and are about to embark on an exciting array of projects across the UK. Be-ITs client is building Artificial Intelligence focussed on optimising large-scale project delivery. They are changing the consulting industry and need passionate and experienced people to join them. What you need to have: 3+ years Data Engineering experience in Consulting/SI/Commercial/Banking Strong Data Analysis and stakeholder management skills Gathering, challenging, documenting and presenting requirements in an Agile transformation programme Proactively driving data infrastructure, building ETL processes, and undertaking quality assessment Excellent client-facing skills and ability to communicate at a technical and non-technical level Key skills and experience: 3+ years work experience in data Engineering Strong SQL knowledge, specific knowledge of Postgres would be valuable Strong Python experience in data ingestion and processing pipelines A strong understanding of data modelling, data structures, databases, and ETL processes An in-depth understanding of large-scale data sets, including both structured and unstructured data Experience with Hadoop and/or Spark is beneficial Must be proactive, highly analytical, and detail-oriented with strong time management skills Strong communication skills, including prioritising, problem solving and interpersonal relationship building Proven time management with organisation skills (must be able to prioritise workload and meet deadlines) If you are interested in finding out more about this position please apply online."	"London, South, England, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k-£60k"	"Be-IT Resourcing"	"Alastair Philp"	"JS"	"28/11/2018 12:44:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkYjt"	NA	NA	NA
"React.JS Developer"	"£350 Per Day"	"London "	"Contract"	"React.JS Developer"	"London  - £350 Per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	" ReactJS Developer | London | £350 Per Day   ReactJS Developers are required by a well known Central London based Tech Company. The successful tech driven business is seeking a number of ReactJS Developers that will work on projects using Microservices, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.   For the past 10 years this trusted Central London .Com has built a team of passionate software engineers that have been creating amazing applications using great technology. Their current stack includes ReactJS, NodeJS Microservices, Docker, Kubernetes, Mongo, Postgres, TDD, BDD Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.   With their recent developments the Company are doing something very special, something that has never been done before, so they're looking for ReactJS Developers that want to be a part of something truly innovative and creative.   The successful ReactJS Developers will join a team that are pushing the boundaries of technology and with that are seeking ReactJS Developers that have a positive can do attitude and a proven track record of hitting the ground running!   This Company are looking for ReactJS Developers that can come in and quickly compliment an existing team that are committed to working together to positively impact the daily lives of their users. They enjoy solving complex problems, thinking around corners and moving forwards through learning.   If you'd like to learn more about this ReactJS Developer role please click the APPLY BUTTON and a Spencer Scott associate will be in touch! "	"London , UK"	"IT"	NA	"£350 Per Day"	"Spencer Scott"	"Spencer Pratchett "	"JSE_SS_RJSCD_90566"	"27/11/2018 16:13:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQiP"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months"
"Data Analyst"	""	"Waterlooville"	"Permanent"	"Data Analyst"	"Waterlooville"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Data Analyst - WaterloovilleData Analyst required for a well-established client based in Waterlooville, Hampshire. You will work alongside a team of technical and product specialists delivering vital solutions. The role will be to undertake data analytical duties in support of Business and Artificial intelligence as well as Machine Learning projects.Skills required:SQLT-SQLSSRSQlikView or PowerBIProblem solving skillsAnalytic skillsKey responsibilities:Analyse data generated within the systems to help identify trends and patternsProvide support in relation to testing BI, AI and ML solutionsProvide input into data interface and/or integration projectsAnalysing data quality issues within our systemsIf you feel you have the skills and experience required for this opportunity, please contact Oliver Wilson  or email (see below) "	"Waterlooville, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Oliver Wilson "	"JS-VR/09571"	"30/11/2018 16:47:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqkG"	NA	NA	NA
"JavaScript Developer 2 Days Remote"	"£350 - 400 per day"	"London"	"Contract"	"JavaScript Developer 2 Days Remote"	"London - £350 - 400 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"JavaScript Developer 6 month Initial contact Day Rate - £400Immediate startLondonResponsibilities Design, develop and deploy different components with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability in distributed environment. They are a fast growing, research driven start-up building artificial intelligence that helps more stragetic business.Skill Set ReactJavaScript HTML CSS TDD We are looking to turn this around within a few days with phone interviews tomorrow. If you are available please send me your latest cv or call me on 02074887212/07593307886."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£350 - 400 per day"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Liam Moir-Holland "	"JS3"	"03/12/2018 17:31:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSKF"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 Months"
"Software Engineer"	"25k - 32k Annual GBP"	"Harwell, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer"	"Harwell, Oxfordshire - 25k - 32k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer Software Engineer required to join leading international space organization as part of their continued growth in Harwell. As Software Engineer you will be required to:  Support the development of projects in the field of remote sensing and data processing having proven knowledge in: - Python - Java - Linux - Deep Learning - Artificial Intelligence - Remote sensing and data processing Big Data and Matlab To be considered for Software Engineer you will need to:  - Be degree educated in Computer Science or equivalent - Have previous experience in a similar role  - Have advanced knowledge in Java and Python - Have a good understanding of operating systems (Unix/Linux) - Have good English skills, both written and spokenBluestream Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer who operates as an Employment Agency for permanent recruitment and as an Employment Business for temporary/contract recruitment.  "	"Harwell, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"25k - 32k Annual GBP"	"Bluestream Recruitment"	"Bluestream Recruitment"	"JSBSR1494/569492062"	"03/12/2018 15:55:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQQf"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Analyst"	"£300 - £400 per day"	"Hampshire"	"Contract"	"Data Analyst"	"Hampshire - £300 - £400 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"The RoleThrough continued business growth with the client they have a requirement for a Data Analyst who will work alongside a team of technical and product specialists delivering healthcare focussed solutions. The role will be to undertake data analytical duties in support of Business and Artificial intelligence as well as Machine Learning projects. The client will be required to delivers complex systems within the healthcare space, using Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Relational Data Managements Systems (RDMS).Key ResponsibilitiesAnalyse data generated within our systems to help identify trends and patternsRecommend process and system improvements based on patterns in the dataProvide input into data definitions, data schema designs and data focussed specificationsProvide support in relation to testing BI, AI and ML solutionsProvide input into data interface and/or integration projectsAnalysing data quality issues within our systemsProviding support for general queries on system and business dataEssential Education Qualifications and ExperienceUnderstanding of data processing, relational databases and large data setsUnderstanding of data analysis techniques and best practice.Educated to degree level or equivalentStatistics/mathematics qualificationsAt least two years data analysis experienceEssential Competences, Skills and BehavioursAdvanced SQL, T-SQL and SSRS SkillsWorking knowledge of reporting tools such as Qlikview or Power BIStrong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to liaise with a variety of stakeholdersProblem solving skillsFlexibleSelf-learnerThe ability to work within a pressured environmentExcellent Attention to detailThe ability to work in a team and individuallyGood organisational and planning skills with the capability of working towards tight deadlinesA passion for dataDesirable;Knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics NAV, CRM or Business CentralExposure to and knowledge of ERP and complex database systems"	"Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"Home Working"	"£300 - £400 per day"	"Hunter Charles"	"Martyn Raby "	"JS-BBBH16758"	"03/12/2018 16:40:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRf3"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months"
"Business Development Executive - Cyber Security"	"£25k - 28k per year"	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England"	"Permanent"	"Business Development Executive - Cyber Security"	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England - £25k - 28k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Business Development Executive, (field sales) - Cyber Security£25k- £28k basic, double uncapped OTE, Pension, Health, DentalManchesterInteraction Recruitment is currently recruiting for a Business Development Executive to join a high growth global machine learning company for cyber defence. Their ground-breaking anomaly detection solution driven by unsupervised machine learning uses artificial intelligence to spot patterns on the network and prevent cybercrime before it happens. With ambitious growth plans and a culture of continuous development and innovation our client provides a fast track for progression. If you have a couple of years working in IT sales and looking to move into the security arena, helping to prevent Cyber attacks within a multi award winning organisation this could be the opportunity you are looking for. This is a Business Development role where you will be tasked with the full sales cycle from generating and following up on leads, demoing the solution and closing the deal within private and public sector bodies. This is a great opportunity for a graduate with a couple of years sales experience to make the move into a fully fledge field sales role with full training and an incredible marketing and technical team behind you. With growth rates of 600% a year since they were formed, the organisation can also offer ample progression opportunities. The company culture is one that heralds an open and honest environment where ideas are celebrated and everyone in the company plays a role in their success. To apply for this Business Development Executive role you must- Be bright, articulate, on the upwards curve. 1 year plus experience within a sales environment. Hold a degree/masters from a top tier University. Proven track record of success. Self-motivation and drive to succeed.This is a fantastic opportunity within a hugely relevant space. The company are multi-award winning so apply today to be considered for the role! "	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	"Graduate, Public Sector"	"£25k - 28k per year"	"Interaction Recruitment PLC"	"Emma Stuart"	"JS285308"	"30/11/2018 10:43:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp0o"	NA	NA	NA
"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeA top Cambridge based Technology Company who started out with a group of clever mathematicians and have now achieved global status. The company are certainly at the very forefront of technology and their reputation is now known within the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning.If you are fluent in Spanish both written and verbally we would like to hear from you. Graduated from a premier university with a 2.1 or higher (or whatever the equivalent to this would be) in science, mathematics, computing, engineering, natural sciences or similar, a firm grasp of computing and it would be beneficial if you had any knowledge of computer networks although this is not essential, outstanding analytical capabilities which may have been gained from university such as working with data, enjoy working on investigative tasks and able to produce detailed reports is a must.You will have the opportunity to investigate a number of exciting projects, analysing patterns and anomalies and writing detailed reports for clients based on your findings.Plush offices in Cambridge, friendly team and company environment, mixing with other very bright academic minded candidates.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer. If the above job sounds of interest please apply via the link or give us a call.Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Analyst, Graduate, Research, Cambridge, Mathematics, Physics, Job, PhD, MSc, BSc, SpanishModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"Graduate"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154681"	"03/12/2018 13:57:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPli"	NA	NA	NA
"SharePoint, .NET, C#, Dynamics CRM, Azure, Business Intelligence, BI, AI, West Yorkshire"	"£45k Basic salary + benefits"	"West Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"SharePoint, .NET, C#, Dynamics CRM, Azure, Business Intelligence, BI, AI, West Yorkshire"	"West Yorkshire - £45k Basic salary + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"SharePoint, .NET, C#, Dynamics CRM, Azure, Business Intelligence, BI, AI, YorkshireSalary: £45k + Benefits  Role and responsibilities:  The ideal candidate will work closely with the Business Intelligence and CRM Teams in the creation & delivery of solutions for Dynamics CRM, SharePoint and Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning. The role will require close co-operation with 3rd parties in developing integrations with various systems as part of service delivery to our members and strategic partners. Key responsibilities: Ensuring that best practises are followed for coding using defined architectures. Development & support of integration interfaces with 3rd party systems. Develop & support data integration sets. Maintaining applications. Provide architecture guidance & design of new software and web applications. Act as technical lead within a development life cycle environment Work in a Microsoft Azure environment. Work directly with project leads and key stakeholders for requirement development & clarification. Maintaining source code library. Using DevOps tools. Key words: .NET, Azure, C#, XML, JavaScript, HTML, Web Services & APIs, RESTful, SOAP, Java, Python, PHP, UML, MYBATIS, Node.js, Ruby-on-Rails, SOA Development, DevOps, CFEngine, Zookeeper, AngularJS, CSS, Hadoop, HBase/Hive, Hadoop DFS Please forward your CV for a full job description and immediate consideration. "	"West Yorkshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k Basic salary + benefits"	"Sure IT Recruitment"	"James Crockett "	"JSSUREITWEYORK"	"03/12/2018 13:18:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPKu"	NA	"ASAP - Will wait for notice period"	NA
"Java Developer"	"£40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Glasgow, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"Glasgow, Scotland - £40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Java Developer/Glasgow/£40k - £60k DOE/Excellent benefits packagesSanderson are currently working with a market leading organisation, based in Glasgow City Centre who require two experienced Java Developers with varying levels of experience to join their organisations on a permanent basis.Working on a multitude of exciting projects (including robotics, artificial intelligence and big data) and using the latest development technology, you will play a key role in the delivery of business critical transformation programmes. This organisation are also incredibly focused on providing additional mentoring/training programmes and encourage their employees to continuously develop their core skills. Among a variety of additional benefits you can expect to become part of a friendly team with a great culture.Key skill/experience requirements are listed below:4 + years Java Development ExperienceKnowledge of JavaScript Front End development and Oracle PL/SQL Back End would be advantageousAppreciation of JQuery, HTML and CSS would be useful but not essentialExperience of using CI/CD tools (teamcity, ansible, jenkins, GIT etc.) would also be advantageousExperience in Test Driven DevelopmentExperience of delivering within an Agile methodologyIf you possess 4 + years hands on Java development experience, and you are interested in taking your career to the next level with a globally respected organisation, please respond with your CV ASAP."	"Glasgow, Scotland, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Conor Ferguson "	"JS-553CFJD388"	"30/11/2018 14:35:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqIE"	NA	NA	NA
"Chief Data Officer (MDM/MDG)-Financial Services"	"£600 - £625 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Chief Data Officer (MDM/MDG)-Financial Services"	"City of London - £600 - £625 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Chief Data Officer (MDM/MDG) - Financial ServicesA strong consulting background for financial clients and technology experienceMust have solid background on Data Operations, Data Quality, MDM, MDG, Data Assurance, Data delivery, Data Compliance and Data Protection.Must have strong skills in data analysis and interpretation, deep experience in the world of Datamodelling, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Microsoft BI capability and opensource technologiesYou will work on design and delivery of complex BI solutions for the client.You will technically assure the end to end architecture for bid, proposals, doing POCs.Experience working with global management consultancies working for top class clients in the financial sector is required.Must have a proven background working with leading consulting firms."	"City of London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	NA	"£600 - £625 per Day"	"Careerwise"	"Shubha Singh "	"JS-0000005581"	"29/11/2018 09:37:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgdA"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Java Developer - Dynamic Hedge Fund!"	"£90k - £120k per annum + Bonus, Pens, Health etc"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Java Developer - Dynamic Hedge Fund!"	"London - £90k - £120k per annum + Bonus, Pens, Health etc"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Senior Java Developer - Dynamic Hedge Fund! Senior Java Developer - We are seeking a Senior Java developer to join a Dynamic hedge Fund based in the heart of the city. The ideal Senior Java Developer will be join a small team with big plans, who enjoy a flat hierarchy where all ideas are heard.The Senior Java Developer will be Developing Big data analytics and Artificial intelligence algorithms based on behavioural-finance analysis. The Senior Java Developer will then deploy these algorithms to analyse investors' behaviour and to make investment decision.The requirements of the Senior Java DeveloperExperience with micro-services and cloud-based deploymentAWS or GCP (google cloud platform) experienceYou can demonstrate your skills and experience in Java (and other languages)Experience working with a TDD/BDD environmentThe ideal Senior Java Developer will have a clear route of progression from the start and will be a key decision maker for the company. As the Senior Java Developer, you will be mentoring junior developers. There is scope to transition into a lead developer role as the company grows.Apply now for immediately consideration for an excellent Senior Java Developer opportunityUnderstanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£90k - £120k per annum + Bonus, Pens, Health etc"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Oscar Gibbon "	"JS-BBBH1757"	"02/12/2018 12:00:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEgF"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Engineer/Developer (Deep Learning, Mathematics)"	"£50k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Developer (Deep Learning, Mathematics)"	"Cambridge - £50k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 26 November 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Developer (Deep Learning, Mathematics):We are currently looking for a passionate, mathematical SSoftware Engineer/Developer (Deep Learning, Mathematics) to join a two year old organisation based in Cambridge, currently building their unique Machine Learning platform. This Machine Learning platform will be implemented in various ways, including through drones, robotics, smart-cities, gaming etc.Within the company, you will be part of an agile environment and small team. You will be working to develop Machine Learning algorithms that will run this platform. As part of this small team, you will be tackling problems within Artificial Intelligence, securing the efficiency of probabilistic modelling, reinforcement learning, multi-agent systems.We're looking for a mathematical Software Engineer/Developer, who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and join a team of researchers and engineers who are paving the way in regards to AI decision making. Within this organization, you will be working with Python and Tensorflow and implementing your previous experience. What we can offer a Software Engineer/Developer (Deep Learning, Mathematics):Work for recognised leaders within Machine LearningStrong salary and packageFlexible working environment, start-up environmentRemain part of the academic field eg Publishing at NIPS, IEEE etc.Key Skills: Software Engineer/Developer (Deep Learning, Mathematics); Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, startup, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models"	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"26/11/2018 19:08:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkABp"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)"	"£350 - £500 per Day"	"Mansfield"	"Contract"	"Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)"	"Mansfield - £350 - £500 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)- Nottinghamshire- £350- £500 per day We are currently searching for a Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS) to join a global brand based out of Nottinghamshire. The successful Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS) to work on a range of projects for their internal functions.Key Aspects of this Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS) role:Demonstrate analytical and programming skills across a range of platforms.Ability to interpret requirements into working code.Continually improve skills, utilising provided training materials, and seek to expand business knowledge.Agile Development Process.Develop, test and implement code to departmental standards.Documentation and ensure proposed solutions are fit for purpose.Provide ad-hoc analysis and reports.Ensure that communication to the business is professional, clear and appropriate.Perform maintenance programming and correction of defects.Willingness to learn new technology such as Artificial Intelligence, automation or roboticsWork closely with other systems teams to ensure successful technical solution deliveryEssential Skills Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS):C#WebAPI and/or WCFMicrosoft SQL Server 2012+/T-SQL & Stored ProceduresDesirable Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS):Windows FormsWindows Presentation Foundation (WPF)Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS)/GitAzureOracle PL/SQLAzureOracle PL/SQLSenior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)- Nottinghamshire- £350- £500 per day"	"Mansfield, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£350 - £500 per Day"	"Ampersand Consulting"	"Robert Legg "	"JS-AMPERSND1001"	"03/12/2018 12:18:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOd6"	"About Ampersand Consultingampersandconsulting.co.uk/about-us/Ampersand Consulting are IT and Business Transformation recruitment specialists.  Headquartered in London, Ampersand recruit contract and permanent staff for clients across the UK and Europe.  Whether your needs are driven by new technology that forces you to adapt, or an insufficiency in skills is impacting your performance, our specialist consultants will provide a tailored service to suit your specific needs.  Business Specialisms: Senior AppointmentsPortfolio/Programme/Project ManagementChange ManagementBusiness AnalysisSoftware Development and TestingBusiness Intelligence and DataInfrastructureCloudDevOpsSecurityCore Technologies: C# .NETJavaQlikSQLOracleWorkdayMicrosoftAWS / Azure"	"Immediate"	"6 months"
"Data Scientist"	""	"Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Role: Data ScientistLocation: GloucestershireDuration: PermanentSalary/Rate: Excellent SalaryStart Date: ASAPClearance: SC or Willing to UndergoData Scientist - Permanent - Gloucestershire - Excellent Salary - SC or Willing to Undergo The candidate will work within the company's rapidly-growing analytics development team to apply expertise in processes and technology to a wide variety of platform data. The role entails deriving meaningful insights from data and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations. The individual selected will develop data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence based capabilities and apply these to a wide variety of system and platform data to enable high level decision-making across different application domains. Data flows may be from a wide variety of sources, such as radio frequency data from systems of interest and social media data analysis. Skills/Experience:At least a bachelor's degree in a numerical, science or similar subjectEffective collaboration with other data scientists, engineers, software teams, management, other stakeholders and customersAbility to perform exploratory analysis, use machine learning to build models, generate visualizations and create & present reportsExperience of designing efficient algorithms for data analysis, data mining, text mining, data manipulation and statistical analysisApply knowledge of tools for software development and engineering research to create models of relevancyKnowledge of related technical domains including systems coding, programming languages, deep mathematical calculation and emerging analytics and big-data technologiesDesired skills, qualifications and experience [JP]One or more of the following skills is desirableDevelop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performanceExperience with statistics (descriptive and inferential)Experience with data manipulation, fusion and visualisation tools and techniquesExperienced in data structures and hierarchiesStrong analytical skills and understanding of system databases, data elements and application software solutions to optimise data gathering and analysisExperience in web application developmentFamiliarity with Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, and SparkFamiliarity with Cloud TechnologiesExperience with complex computer networksWeb application development and database modellingRECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £300!You will be required to hold a minimum of SC or Willing to Undergo. If you do not hold an active SC or Willing to Undergo please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.(c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2018."	"Gloucestershire, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Fraser Richings "	"JS-J7074"	"29/11/2018 10:01:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkgh4"	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."	NA	NA
"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading"	"c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading"	"Reading, Berkshire - c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading - c£70K-£80K plus benefits The successful candidate will be a proven Pre-Sales Solution Architect professionally experienced in the UK public and private sector marketplace for digital transformation. You should be a technically aware in one or more of: Business Intelligence and Analytics; Data virtualization and Big Data; Azure and AWS; Application Development; Application Support and Maintenance. You should have experience of working within the IT technology sector and be capable of developing solutions from high-level client concepts for enterprise transformation. These will focus on next generation technologies such as: Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, RPA, Cloud Services and Machine Learning. You will have strong customer communication skills and the ability to communicate with stakeholders at all levels. Responsibilities Lead technical sales discussions and presentations with clients; Develop appropriate and customised technical value propositions to support the sales team; Provide technical leadership and consultancy to both internal and external teams, ensuring solution design is fit for purpose, whilst meeting time and budget restraints; Design technical services or plan system integration, selecting necessary platforms and technologies to meet project requirements and user needs; Author compelling client responses to (technical) questions in a Request for Information or a Request for Proposal; Provide estimates of solution cost gathering pricing from internal stakeholders and/or external third parties; Deliver customer audits and Proof of Concepts at client premises to develop business cases for investment. REQUIREMENTS 3-7 years of experience in an IT services technical role. Hands on experience acting as Solution Architect in an RFP/RFI process.s supported by other team members at busy times. Extensive experience of dealing with customers to understand needs and design solutions. Experience in leading technical teams and delivering user-focused services The ability to create solution design documentation. The ability understanding of how to prioritise work in a fast, customer-centric environment. Industry professional technical certification is desirable. Awareness of key industry players and maintenance of a strong contacts list. A knowledge of the off-shoring software development market. The ability to influence senior management and communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences. "	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Scene One Ltd"	"Allan Carlin "	"JSSOLUARCH"	"27/11/2018 09:17:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GYLPq"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Senior Big Data Architect ( Scala/Spark )"	"£110k - 120k per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Big Data Architect ( Scala/Spark )"	"London - £110k - 120k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Senior Big Data Architect role is available for a world leading professional services company. Which specializes in transforming client's technology models for the data era and overall businesses. This role is for a Senior Big Data Architect with ( Hadoop/Scala/Spark/Spark ) in the extremely popular central London location. This Big Data service is part of the company's digital/analytics business and artificial intelligence unit. What's in it for you:  The Senior BIG Data Architect position will have a competitive salary of up to £120,000 plus bonuses and benefits Exposure to a cutting-edge learning environment Learn and develop your skills within DevOps and Big Data Competitive packages Direct influence on the end-to-end product life cycle Involvement to a lead machine learning environment  Required Skills and Experiences: Strong Data processing skill set with the Hadoop ecosystem Good experience with Spark processing and streaming Knowledge on Unix Shell Scripting, Hive and Hbase modelling and development Advanced in delivering data solutions using Big Data technologies Expertise in Scala Nice to have skills:Intermediate experience in delivering Real Time solutions like Cassandra, MogoDB or NoSQL Knowledge of machine learning Familiarity of deep learning frameworks Key Responsibilities: Working at a client site with an experienced consulting and delivering team Building platforms around Data ingestion, registration and Data provisioning Working closely with the Lead software engineers Confirming the development teams deliver the highest quality of Data products Applying your experience to improve and help resolve technical obstacles  Please apply for the position through this website.  Keywords - Big Data Architect, Hadoop, Machine Learning, Java, Python, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, MapReduce, Data Architect, NoSQL, Azure, BigQuery, DataFlow, DynamoDb, SQS, Lambda, Senior Data Architect, Business intelligence, IT, Spotfire, Amazon Redshift, IBM Datastorage, Hbase, Accamulo, Big Data Engineer, Hadoop, Machine Learning, Java, Python, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, MapReduce, Data Architect, NoSQL, Azure, BigQuery, DataFlow, DynamoDb, SQS, Lambda, Senior Data Architect, Business intelligence, IT, Spotfire, Amazon Redshift, IBM Datastorage, Hbase, Accamulo, Big Data Architect, Machine Learning, Java, Python, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, MapReduce, Data Architect, NoSQL, Azure, BigQuery, DataFlow, DynamoDb, SQS, Lambda,  Venturi (TVGL Inc.) is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, sex (including pregnancy), gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military/veteran status, national origin, ancestry, race, creed, religion, sexual orientation, transgender status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, domestic violence victim status, criminal or arrest record, unemployment status, or any other basis protected by applicable law. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£110k - 120k per year"	"Venturi Limited"	"Ben Quinn"	"JSBQCY3765"	"02/12/2018 13:11:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE4I"	NA	"02 January 2019"	NA
"DevOps Engineer (Data)"	"£550 - £600 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"DevOps Engineer (Data)"	"London - £550 - £600 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Summary: Responsible for the development and operations of a Real Time data stream platform used for telemetry on several million devices across Liberty Global footprint.Essential Technical Skills: Wide understanding of IP Networking as well as data centre infrastructure; Solid understanding of Linux. Proven experience with deploying and tuning Open Source components into a production experience; Good Scripting and/or programming skills (bash, python, Perl, AWK, Java, Javascript ); Experience with data collection, analysis, transformations, storage and visualization, such as Elasticsearch, Kibana, Graphana, Cassandra (or other NOSQL DB)Desirable Technical Skills: Experience with configuration management/orchestration tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet or Salt); Experience with ELK stack on a high throughput high available environment; Experience with NoSQL technologies ( Cassandra, MongoDB); Experience with Apache Kafka; Experience with Message Brokers technology (RabbitMQ, Redis, ); Experience with: Apache Mesos, Apache Zookeeper, Apache Flume; Experience with Statsd, Graphite and Grafana; Ability to apply statistical techniques to solve problems; Understanding of Artificial Intelligence methodologies; Experience with big data technologies and platforms.Essential Skills and Abilities: Is both a strong self-starter as well as team player; Must be able to work under pressure and be prepared to work outside normal working hours when necessary; Self-motivated and proactive in the working environment; proven ability to work with speed and accuracy to deadlines is essential; Has an ability to rapidly absorb new technical skills and learn new concepts quickly; Has a systematic, disciplined, and analytical approach to problem solving; The ability to build relationships and convey authority when needed at all levels in order to resolve conflicts and maintain direction; Takes responsibility and feels accountable for own and team actionEssential education and experience: MSc degree level ( or relevant experience ) on engineering, computer science (or related studies); Fluent spoken and written English; Hands on engineering tasks like coding, system configuration and integration; Experience with Open Source components on a production environment.Desirable education and experience: Experience with the development and use of data analytics from a software development, coding and database perspective.Major Job Duties and Responsibilities:Participate in the design, development and support of a Real Time data stream platforms.Participate in the design, development and support of automated test platforms.Develop and deploy software capable of parsing, merging and enriching data sets.Work with other teams (technical and business) on creating automated dashboards and reports which support the operations of Liberty Global's services.Work with other engineers on creating capacity models which support the operations of Liberty Global's services.Integrate new data sources as well as support existing integrations on data stream platforms.Hands-on involvement in building, deployment and testing pipelines (automated deployment and testing to ensure continuous delivery).Recommends on CI/CD (Continuous Integrations and Deployment) system solutions and associated automation implementations using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent.Design and develop in-life excellence solution like Fault identification, tolerance and recovery automations using Monitoring tools (local and on public cloud platforms) Nagios, Zabbix, Sensu, ELK, Cloud Watch, Splunk, New Relic etc. to trigger instant alerts, reports and dashboards. Work closely with the development and infrastructure teams to analyze and design solutions with four nines (99.99%) up-time, globally distributed, clustered, production and non-production virtualized infrastructure.Conducts quality assurance activities such as peer reviews.Creates appropriate documentation in work assignments such as technical documentation and associated assistance tools for usersAllegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. It is a company within the Allegis group of companies, the fourth largest staffing group in the world, (collectively referred to as the \"Allegis Group\"). TEKsystems, Aston Carter and Aerotek are trading names of Allegis Group Limited. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. Please note when you give us your data, we will share it within Allegis Group and this involves the transfer of such data outside the European Economic Area, subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£550 - £600 per Day"	"TEKsystems"	"Thomas Duggan "	"JS-TEK61186"	"03/12/2018 15:23:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQfm"	NA	NA	NA
"QA - Automation - AI"	"£50k - £65k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"QA - Automation - AI"	"London - £50k - £65k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Hope you are well.I have a brand new exclusive role with an AI/Fintech business! This is for a tech start-up based in Victoria that have just created version one of an extremely innovative, complex and disruptive FinTech business. This has been extremely well received and not the next growth and development phase is underway.This platform combines Artificial Intelligence with the investment world at corporate level.We now need someone to come in as the first tester within the organisation to own QA for our new products. As we are a small business about to expand rapidly this is a perfect time to get involved for someone that wants to see their role and experience grow very quickly.The RoleAutomation QASome Auto some Manual, Selenium, Building testing frameworks from scratch, Java, Selenium etcLondon, Victoria£50,000 - £65,000 depending on experience + equityGreat role, Business, Package and location. Please pop me across your CV if you are potentially interested.Thanks,AbdiCharlton Howard is a Trading Name of Talent Point Ltd. Talent Point Ltd and Charlton Howard are equal-opportunity employers and do not discriminate against these or any other class protected by applicable law. No terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £65k per annum"	"Charlton Howard"	"Abdi Mohamed "	"JS-QA AI"	"30/11/2018 12:52:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp9d"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior QA Test Engineer - Automation - AI"	"£65k - £85k per annum + stocks"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior QA Test Engineer - Automation - AI"	"London - £65k - £85k per annum + stocks"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior QA Test Engineer - Automation - AISenior QA Test Engineer is required by our innovative fintech client to design the test suite and execute various different tests. Senior QA Test Engineer will build browser acceptance tests, API tests, BDD tests and non-functional tests. Senior QA Test Engineer will ensure that their products, applications and systems work correctly. This role suits someone with experience of working on complex software projects and a lot of experience designing automated testing environments from the ground up. Essential Skills include expertise in designing test suites and writing automated tests; automation testing expertise; proficiency in manual testing; Agile and BDD experience as well as an expert in Restful API automated testing. An interest in Artificial Intelligence would be useful for this role. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£65k - £85k per annum + stocks"	"Sentinel IT LLP"	"Jennifer Hunt "	"JS-JHDBQAAI"	"30/11/2018 12:39:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp9G"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - London"	"£700 - £850 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - London"	"London - £700 - £850 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - Global IT Consultancy - London An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Data Scientist to join a global IT consultancy who are looking to build out their AI practice in London. This is an initial 6 month contract with great potential to extend.This is a fantastic opportunity to join a data science practice which will soon be recognised as one of the leaders within this space. Rather than just building PoCs you will be able to take advantage of the enormous data sets and build actual machine learning products from inception through to deployment and production.Essential RequirementsMSc degree or equivalent in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or similar quantitative disciplineProficiency in Python (or R) and SQL, and experience in developing and deploying models to a production system or commercial useDevelopment knowledge in Java (or Scala)Hands-on skills in machine learning techniques with demonstration in academic publications and/or online competitions like KDD-Cup, Kaggle etc.Familiar with one or more machine learning algorithms: content/collaborative filtering, NLP, non-linear/deep regressions, boosted trees, ensembles etc.Thorough understanding of full modelling process: exploratory data analysis, feature engineering/selection, multi-layer cross validationsExperience in developing prediction models in E-commerce or digital marketingA good understanding of statistics (eg, hypothesis testing, non-parametric methods)Ability to work collaboratively and proactively in a fast-paced environment interacting with both a non-technical and technical audiencesKnowledge of big data systems and NoSQL databasesPreferable qualifications and skill setA PhD in a quantitative subjectExperiences with big data frameworks ie Spark, Hadoop, Kafka etc.Previous experience with recommender systemsCommercial mindset and interest in digital and web contentA hacker's mentality to problem solvingComfortable in using open source technologiesInterest in keeping up with state-of-the-art machine learning by attending and submitting papers to relevant conferencesKnowledge or experience in developing/deploying to AWS or AzureEmpiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT, Retail, Consulting"	"Executive"	"£700 - £850 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-DS 1"	"30/11/2018 17:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqvn"	NA	"17/12/2018"	"6 months"
"Senior Web Developer (JavaScript) | Reading | £60-65k"	"£60k - £65k per annum"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Web Developer (JavaScript) | Reading | £60-65k"	"Reading, Berkshire - £60k - £65k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Senior Web Developer (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/APIs/Node/React) | Reading | £60-65kSpend less time at work, more time on your own terms, working with an innovative company who have recently invested a great deal into the tech sector.iO Associates are looking for a Senior Web Developer to work for this well-established company's forward-thinking innovation lab. You'll be at the forefront of technology working on Artificial Intelligence, IoT and Machine Learning. The company is offering part-remote working so you'll only be needed in their offices just outside of Reading 2 - 3 days a week, so you can choose where to spend the rest of your time.Our client specialises in creating technological solutions all across the country meaning that the projects you'll be working on are always innovative and cutting edge.If you have good knowledge of:Javascript/HTML/CSSAPI DevelopmentReactNodeDon't hesitate to get in touch as this is a role that won't wait around. The client is looking to go straight to conduct interviews swiftly this week.If working in this tech hub seems like the sort of project you are looking for please contact me, Nona Hencken-Spurling, or call. I look forward to hearing from you.Role: Senior Web DeveloperContract: PermanentLocation: Reading (part-remote)Rate: £60-65kSenior Web Developer (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/APIs/Node/React) | Reading | £60-65k"	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £65k per annum"	"IO Associates"	"Nona Hencken "	"JS-JSREADING"	"27/11/2018 12:35:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPew"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Engineer in Test - SDET/Automation/SCRUM/Test Harness"	"50k-70k + benefits + stock options"	"Cambridge, Cambridgeshire"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer in Test - SDET/Automation/SCRUM/Test Harness"	"Cambridge, Cambridgeshire - 50k-70k + benefits + stock options"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer in Test - SDET/Automation/SCRUM/Test Harness Cambridge 50k-70k + benefits + stock options We are looking for multiple Software Engineers in Test to join our exciting new start-up in our custom built offices in Cambridge. We have assembled a world class team in Machine Learning, working on massive enterprise scale applications with limitless opportunities, driven by Artificial Intelligence, allowing us to push the boundaries of cloud computing.THE ROLE Working within one of our SCRUM teams, you will be working on a variety of different projects, some of which will include integration level testing, developing test harnesses and some feature development. The role will incorporate the following responsibilities:  Developing automated tests and test frameworks   Helping to improve the continuous integration pipeline   Help to automate the engineering process where possible  THE SKILLS you'll NEED  You will have a background in Engineering, ideally test and development   You will have good knowledge of an OOP language, such as Python, Java, C++ or C#   You will have exposure to continuous integration systems, such as Jenkins   You will have good knowledge of systems level testing   You will have a background in developing test harnesses and framework development and maintenance  THE SKILLS you'll LEARN  Additional OOP languages   Cloud Computing techniques and technologies   Learn about Artificial Intelligence   Although we are only small currently, we have aggressive growth plans and envisage doubling in size over the course of the next 12 months. Now is the perfect time for you to join us and help both us achieve our aims, but also achieve your own progression and targets in the future. We'll also pay you a market leading salary, but be aware...for the best salary, we will expect the best quality. Additional benefits include stock options, pension scheme, health insurance, gym membership and flexible working hours.For more details or to apply for this position contact Ben Toynton at Evolution Recruitment.Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role."	"Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"50k-70k + benefits + stock options"	"Evolution Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Ben Toynton "	"JS/B0T/632615"	"03/12/2018 11:30:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlN5q"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking teamare looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"03/12/2018 08:19:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GcyEg"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking space are looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"03/12/2018 08:19:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GdTdX"	NA	NA	NA
"Graduate Proofreader/Resourcer"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Godalming"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Proofreader/Resourcer"	"Godalming - £18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Graduate Proofreader/Resourcer Are you organised and methodical, with a love for writing and ticking off a detailed to-do list? Are you an English language pedant who is irked by spelling errors and grammatical mistakes in written copy? Are you a friendly people-person, with a good sense of humour and a tolerance for poor puns and rubbish jokes? Are you looking to build a long-term career at a successful technical communications recruitment company? Are you a lover of cake, who might also be tempted by the occasional salted caramel brownie? Then look no further! Edissero has an excellent opportunity for a graduate/junior to join our small, friendly and professional resourcing team based in the heart of Godalming. We've been recruiting technical authors since 2003 and we work with some of the most innovative and interesting gaming, software, artificial intelligence, fintech and engineering companies all over the UK, Europe and sometimes further afield, too. What's a technical author?!, we hear you cry well don't worry, we didn't know what one of those was when we started, either. Forget everything you think you know about recruitment companies. At Edissero, we won't expect you to cold call potential clients all day or make 30 placements a month. Our focus is to do our job as effectively, ethically, and helpfully as possible; words you don't always associate with recruiters, right? So what do we need you to do for us? To give you an idea, in this varied and interesting role and with full training and support from lovely colleagues, you will find yourself: Taking and filling specialist vacancies for companies working on some pretty cool new technology and concepts. Speaking to clients and candidates on the phone, getting to know them and their requirements/skills, and generally being a little bit nosy. Poring over CVs and writing samples, spotting and correcting spelling, grammatical and formatting errors. Composing exciting and engaging job adverts (just like this one ). Writing incisive and informative supporting notes for each submitted CV. Keeping our database meticulously up-to-date. Being obsessively organised; we gain huge satisfaction from writing and then gleefully ticking off a daily-to do list (we should probably get out more). Visiting clients and nosing around their often very exciting offices. Sometimes you'll even go out for coffee and cake, which leads neatly on to: Either talking about or actually eating delicious food. Being genuinely (or at least pretending to be) interested in looking at our respective pet dog/cat pictures. In exchange for the above, we're offering a salary of £18,000 - £24,000 p.a., a generous bonus and a nice benefits package including 25 days' holiday, contributory pension, private health insurance and a company mobile phone. Sound good so far? Great! We'd love to hear from you. A CV and covering letter stating your suitability and interest will be gratefully received by Michelle Shoubridge (see below) or if you'd like any further information, please give us a call"	"Godalming, UK"	"IT, Office and Admin, HR"	"Graduate"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Edissero Ltd"	"Michelle Shoubridge "	"JSGRADEDISSERO"	"29/11/2018 10:48:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkg2Y"	NA	NA	NA
"Proofreader/Resourcer"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Godalming"	"Permanent"	"Proofreader/Resourcer"	"Godalming - £18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Proofreader/Resourcer Are you organised and methodical, with a love for writing and ticking off a detailed to-do list?Are you an English language pedant who is irked by spelling errors and grammatical mistakes in written copy?Are you a friendly people-person, with a good sense of humour and a tolerance for poor puns and rubbish jokes?Are you looking to build a long-term career at a successful technical communications recruitment company?Are you a lover of cake, who might also be tempted by the occasional salted caramel brownie?Then look no further! Edissero has an excellent opportunity for an enthusiastic candidate to join our small, friendly and professional resourcing team based in the heart of Godalming. We've been recruiting technical authors since 2003 and we work with some of the most innovative and interesting gaming, software, artificial intelligence, fintech and engineering companies all over the UK, Europe and sometimes further afield, too. What's a technical author, we hear you cry well don't worry, we didn't know what one of those was when we started, either. Forget everything you think you know about recruitment companies. At Edissero, we won't expect you to cold call potential clients all day or make 30 placements a month.Our focus is to do our job as effectively, ethically, and helpfully as possible; words you don't always associate with recruiters, right? So what do we need you to do for us? To give you an idea, in this varied and interesting role and with full training and support from lovely colleagues, you will find yourself: Taking and filling specialist vacancies for companies working on some pretty cool new technology and concepts. Speaking to clients and candidates on the phone, getting to know them and their requirements/skills, and generally being a little bit nosy. Poring over CVs and writing samples, spotting and correcting spelling, grammatical and formatting errors. Composing exciting and engaging job adverts (just like this one ). Writing incisive and informative supporting notes for each submitted CV. Keeping our database meticulously up-to-date. Being obsessively organised; we gain huge satisfaction from writing and then gleefully ticking off a daily-to do list (we should probably get out more). Visiting clients and nosing around their often very exciting offices. Sometimes you'll even go out for coffee and cake, which leads neatly on to: Either talking about or actually eating delicious food. Being genuinely (or at least pretending to be) interested in looking at our respective pet dog/cat pictures. In exchange for the above, we're offering a salary of £18,000 - £24,000 p.a., a generous bonus and a nice benefits package including 25 days' holiday, contributory pension, private health insurance and a company mobile phone. Sound good so far? Great! We'd love to hear from you. A CV and covering letter stating your suitability and interest will be gratefully received by Michelle Shoubridge or if you'd like any further information, please give us a call."	"Godalming, UK"	"Office and Admin, HR"	"Graduate"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Edissero Ltd"	"Michelle Shoubridge "	"JSEDISSERO"	"29/11/2018 10:47:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkg13"	NA	NA	NA
"Managing IT Consultant/Senior Project Manager - IT Consultancy"	"Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Managing IT Consultant/Senior Project Manager - IT Consultancy"	"London - Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Position: Managing IT Consultant/Senior Project Manager - IT Consultancy  Due to continued growth, Wavestone is currently looking for experienced Managing IT Consultant/Senior Project Managers to help drive and support its growing customer demand. If you have consulting experience from a global consultancy and are keen to specialise, we provide an opportunity for you to work on high profile national and international engagements. We will provide you with a tailored learning and development plan to help you realise your full potential as an IT Managing consultant. We are looking for experience within one of more of the following technology topics: IT Infrastructure and Operations: Cloud Transformation, Software Delivery Optimisation & Automation, Digital workplace design and implementation, IT Infrastructure Security transformation, IT Operation Strategy and Organisation, IT Process and Operations automation and enhancement, Outsourcing & Service Level Management, Demand and Capacity Management and IT Asset Management. Digital Innovation: Robotic process automation (RPA), Smart work-flows/Workflow automation, Cognitive agents, Natural-language-processing (NLP)/Artificial Intelligence, Machine-learning, Innovation Management, Blockchain/Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), Big Data, Cloud Services/APIs/Microservices. Cyber Security: Risk Management, Data Protection & Privacy, Data Leakage Prevention, Identity & Access Management, Suspicious Activity Monitoring, Forensics & Audit Trail, Threat Intelligence, Incident & Crisis Management, Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity, IT Security Organization, Awareness & Training Data Management: Data Governance, Master Data Management, Quality and Controls Management, Data Security, Storage, and Architecture. Complex Change - Within Financial Services delivering large and complex programmes, large scale systems integrations, separations and transfer of Legacy systems to banking packages. Data Migration, Test Strategy and Test Management, Cutover & Conversion, Assurance & Direction, Programme Leadership & Management, Programme Support and Planning & Control. Company overview Wavestone is a premier global management consulting company that is dedicated to delivering high-impact results to its clients. Wavestone is one of the leaders in management consulting services in the European market and is expanding its footprint in the UK and North America. Our global team of more than 2,500 professionals over 4 continents brings deep industry knowledge and experience, strategic insight and operational expertise, and a passion for delivering measurable bottom line results. As a part of the Wavestone team, you will be constantly engaged with projects and opportunities that will develop your skills and advance your career. Wavestone hires the brightest, creative, and most dedicated candidates and develops them into confident and knowledgeable leaders and business experts. Our collaborative culture ensures that-from Day 1-you become an integral member of the Wavestone team. At Wavestone, you will work on technology consulting projects that intimately involve you with both your engagement team and your clients. As a technology-focused management consultant, you will primarily work on projects in one or more of the following areas: Complex Change Banking Re-Platforming Digital Innovation IT Infrastructure & Operations Cyber Security Data Management Card Platforming Responsibilities During your work, you will assume project-critical responsibilities, develop strategic recommendations and guidance, and ensure the highest service quality to the client. You will be a source of unwavering reliable, high-quality work for Wavestone management, and serve as a leader and mentor for junior team members. You will have opportunities to develop industry-relevant thought leadership, participate in business development practices, and present material to management teams, ultimately making your mark on the client and on the Wavestone practice. Commitment to quality and on-schedule delivery; proven ability to establish and meet milestones and deadlines Customer-focused mentality to understand and appropriately respond to customers' business needs  Exceptional drive, interpersonal skills, and demonstrated ability to interface effectively and collaborate with clients, peers, and senior management to help develop solutions and ensure stakeholder buy-in Proven ability and to contribute to business development (ie proposals, market offers, white papers, etc.) and internal initiatives (ie recruitment, training, social events, etc.)  Strong analytical skills and problem solving abilities; versatile, flexible, and proactive when solving problems and dealing with ambiguity Highly structured, hypothesis-driven thought process with ability to translate thoughts into verbal, written and graphical arguments Highly motivated, knowledge-seeking and self-starting attitude proven ability to work on own initiative within challenging work environments Advanced desktop tool skills, including Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and Project Required experience and skills Applications are sought from candidates with: Strong, proven consulting skills and an understanding and experience of at least two of the following in a large complex environment:  IT architecture IT operating model IT outsourcing/managed services strategy IT strategic sourcing and/or contract negotiation IT transition/transformation programme management IT vendor management IT risk management and cybersecurity Experience of either Financial Services, Public Sector, Large Multinationals An strong academic background, through an undergraduate degree; graduate degree/MBA a plus Excellent presentation, report writing and articulation skills A high level of personal intellect and a never-ending willingness to learn Ambition and a strong work ethic, passion for the quality of your work  A collaborative working style and evidence of being a team player Candidates must have the right to live and work in the UK. Although our offices are based in London, you must be able to work on our customer sites in various UK and potentially European locations."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"Wavestone"	"John Harold"	"JSXCREQ-2905"	"29/11/2018 15:19:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjKp"	NA	"January 2019"	NA
"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New"	"£60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Manchester - North West"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New"	"Manchester - North West - £60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New - Greenfield Would you be interested in helping successfully deliver a scale of transformation and profile project never attempted or seen before ? The overall Eco System is an incredible £6 Billion pounds and this particular programme tream is the most important and far reaching. You will be influencing the success of the entire system with Integration, Design, Build and Test. A full life cycle opportunity that is truly green field. Smart Co has helped this programme for 3 years now, however this particular project is the one we are most excited about. It will revolutionise probably the last true Digital Transformation and open the areas of Data, IoT, RPA and Artificial intelligence. Skills: Excellent stakeholder management - Internal and external Experience with System integration Design, Build, Test Phases Experience of multiple programme streams Large Greenfield project experience Exposure to complex multi supplier Delivery Programme Desirable: Telecoms or Wireless Networks Utilities Highly regulated environments Government sponsored projects (Although this is the private sector) You will also be talking daily to the wider programme community of Project Managers, Programme Managers and Programme Directors. This team is the number 1 Greenfield team in the North West and you will be also be gaining exposure to the latest technology stack as reported by Gartner. For a full confidential overview and to talk about our project time frames please contact Lloyd Norman Smart Account Director at your earliest convenience."	"Manchester - North West, UK"	"IT, Energy, Agriculture"	"Executive"	"£60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Smart Co Consulting Limited"	"Lloyd Norman "	"JS/PM233309"	"02/12/2018 09:55:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEJi"	NA	"Immediate 2018/19"	NA
"Senior IT Consultant/Project Manager - IT Consultancy"	"Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior IT Consultant/Project Manager - IT Consultancy"	"London - Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Position: Senior IT Consultant/Project Manager - IT Consultancy. Due to continued growth, Wavestone is currently looking for experienced Senior IT Consultant/Project Managers to help drive and support its growing customer demand. If you have consulting experience from a global consultancy and are keen to specialise, we provide an opportunity for you to work on high profile national and international engagements. We will provide you with a tailored learning and development plan to help you realise your full potential as an IT Managing consultant. We are looking for experience within one of more of the following technology topics: IT Infrastructure and Operations: Cloud Transformation, Software Delivery Optimisation & Automation, Digital workplace design and implementation, IT Infrastructure Security transformation, IT Operation Strategy and Organisation, IT Process and Operations automation and enhancement, Outsourcing & Service Level Management, Demand and Capacity Management and IT Asset Management. Digital Innovation: Robotic process automation (RPA), Smart work-flows/Workflow automation, Cognitive agents, Natural-language-processing (NLP)/Artificial Intelligence, Machine-learning, Innovation Management, Blockchain/Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), Big Data, Cloud Services/APIs/Microservices. Cyber Security: Risk Management, Data Protection & Privacy, Data Leakage Prevention, Identity & Access Management, Suspicious Activity Monitoring, Forensics & Audit Trail, Threat Intelligence, Incident & Crisis Management, Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity, IT Security Organization, Awareness & Training Data Management: Data Governance, Master Data Management, Quality and Controls Management, Data Security, Storage, and Architecture. Complex Change - Within Financial Services delivering large and complex programmes, large scale systems integrations, separations and transfer of Legacy systems to banking packages. Data Migration, Test Strategy and Test Management, Cutover & Conversion, Assurance & Direction, Programme Leadership & Management, Programme Support and Planning & Control. Company overview Wavestone is a premier global management consulting company that is dedicated to delivering high-impact results to its clients. Wavestone is one of the leaders in management consulting services in the European market and is expanding its footprint in the UK and North America. Our global team of more than 2,500 professionals over 4 continents brings deep industry knowledge and experience, strategic insight and operational expertise, and a passion for delivering measurable bottom line results. As a part of the Wavestone team, you will be constantly engaged with projects and opportunities that will develop your skills and advance your career. Wavestone hires the brightest, creative, and most dedicated candidates and develops them into confident and knowledgeable leaders and business experts. Our collaborative culture ensures that-from Day 1-you become an integral member of the Wavestone team. At Wavestone, you will work on technology consulting projects that intimately involve you with both your engagement team and your clients. As a technology-focused management consultant, you will primarily work on projects in one or more of the following areas: Complex Change Banking Re-Platforming Digital Innovation IT Infrastructure & Operations Cyber Security Data Management Card Platforming Responsibilities During your work, you will assume project-critical responsibilities, develop strategic recommendations and guidance, and ensure the highest service quality to the client. You will be a source of unwavering reliable, high-quality work for Wavestone management, and serve as a leader and mentor for junior team members. You will have opportunities to develop industry-relevant thought leadership, participate in business development practices, and present material to management teams, ultimately making your mark on the client and on the Wavestone practice. Commitment to quality and on-schedule delivery; proven ability to establish and meet milestones and deadlines Customer-focused mentality to understand and appropriately respond to customers' business needs Exceptional drive, interpersonal skills, and demonstrated ability to interface effectively and collaborate with clients, peers, and senior management to help develop solutions and ensure stakeholder buy-in Proven ability and to contribute to business development (ie proposals, market offers, white papers, etc.) and internal initiatives (ie recruitment, training, social events, etc.) Strong analytical skills and problem solving abilities; versatile, flexible, and proactive when solving problems and dealing with ambiguity Highly structured, hypothesis-driven thought process with ability to translate thoughts into verbal, written and graphical arguments Highly motivated, knowledge-seeking and self-starting attitude proven ability to work on own initiative within challenging work environments Advanced desktop tool skills, including Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and Project Required experience and skills Applications are sought from candidates with: Strong, proven consulting skills and an understanding and experience of at least two of the following in a large complex environment: IT architecture IT operating model IT outsourcing/managed services strategy IT strategic sourcing and/or contract negotiation IT transition/transformation programme management IT vendor management IT risk management and cybersecurity Experience of either Financial Services, Public Sector, Large Multinationals An strong academic background, through an undergraduate degree; graduate degree/MBA a plus Excellent presentation, report writing and articulation skills A high level of personal intellect and a never-ending willingness to learn Ambition and a strong work ethic, passion for the quality of your work A collaborative working style and evidence of being a team player Candidates must have the right to live and work in the UK. Although our offices are based in London, you must be able to work on our customer sites in various UK and potentially European locations."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"Wavestone"	"John Harold"	"JSXCREQ-2904"	"29/11/2018 15:22:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjK2"	NA	"January 2019"	NA
"IT Consultant/Project Manager/Business Analyst - IT Consultancy"	"Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"IT Consultant/Project Manager/Business Analyst - IT Consultancy"	"London - Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Position: IT Consultant/Project Manager/Business Analyst - IT Consultancy  Due to continued growth, Wavestone is currently looking for experienced IT Consultants/Project Managers/Business Analysts to help drive and support its growing customer demand. If you have consulting experience from a global consultancy and are keen to specialise, we provide an opportunity for you to work on high profile national and international engagements. We will provide you with a tailored learning and development plan to help you realise your full potential as an IT Managing consultant. We are looking for experience within one of more of the following technology topics: IT Infrastructure and Operations: Cloud Transformation, Software Delivery Optimisation & Automation, Digital workplace design and implementation, IT Infrastructure Security transformation, IT Operation Strategy and Organisation, IT Process and Operations automation and enhancement, Outsourcing & Service Level Management, Demand and Capacity Management and IT Asset Management.Digital Innovation: Robotic process automation (RPA), Smart work-flows/Workflow automation, Cognitive agents, Natural-language-processing (NLP)/Artificial Intelligence, Machine-learning, Innovation Management, Blockchain/Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT), Big Data, Cloud Services/APIs/Microservices.Cyber Security: Risk Management, Data Protection & Privacy, Data Leakage Prevention, Identity & Access Management, Suspicious Activity Monitoring, Forensics & Audit Trail, Threat Intelligence, Incident & Crisis Management, Disaster Recovery & Business Continuity, IT Security Organization, Awareness & TrainingData Management: Data Governance, Master Data Management, Quality and Controls Management, Data Security, Storage, and Architecture.Complex Change: Within Financial Services delivering large and complex programmes, large scale systems integrations, separations and transfer of Legacy systems to banking packages. Data Migration, Test Strategy and Test Management, Cutover & Conversion, Assurance & Direction, Programme Leadership & Management, Programme Support and Planning & Control.Company overview: Wavestone is a premier global management consulting company that is dedicated to delivering high-impact results to its clients. Wavestone is one of the leaders in management consulting services in the European market and is expanding its footprint in the UK and North America. Our global team of more than 2,500 professionals over 4 continents brings deep industry knowledge and experience, strategic insight and operational expertise, and a passion for delivering measurable bottom line results. As a part of the Wavestone team, you will be constantly engaged with projects and opportunities that will develop your skills and advance your career. Wavestone hires the brightest, creative, and most dedicated candidates and develops them into confident and knowledgeable leaders and business experts. Our collaborative culture ensures that-from Day 1-you become an integral member of the Wavestone team. At Wavestone, you will work on technology consulting projects that intimately involve you with both your engagement team and your clients. As a technology-focused management consultant, you will primarily work on projects in one or more of the following areas: Complex Change Banking Re-Platforming Digital Innovation IT Infrastructure & Operations Cyber Security Data Management Card Platforming Responsibilities: During your work, you will assume project-critical responsibilities, develop strategic recommendations and guidance, and ensure the highest service quality to the client. You will be a source of unwavering reliable, high-quality work for Wavestone management, and serve as a leader and mentor for junior team members. You will have opportunities to develop industry-relevant thought leadership, participate in business development practices, and present material to management teams, ultimately making your mark on the client and on the Wavestone practice. Commitment to quality and on-schedule delivery; proven ability to establish and meet milestones and deadlines Customer-focused mentality to understand and appropriately respond to customers' business needs Exceptional drive, interpersonal skills, and demonstrated ability to interface effectively and collaborate with clients, peers, and senior management to help develop solutions and ensure stakeholder buy-in Proven ability and to contribute to business development (ie proposals, market offers, white papers, etc.) and internal initiatives (ie recruitment, training, social events, etc.) Strong analytical skills and problem solving abilities; versatile, flexible, and proactive when solving problems and dealing with ambiguity Highly structured, hypothesis-driven thought process with ability to translate thoughts into verbal, written and graphical arguments Highly motivated, knowledge-seeking and self-starting attitude proven ability to work on own initiative within challenging work environments Advanced desktop tool skills, including Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and Project Required experience and skills: Applications are sought from candidates with: Strong, proven consulting skills and an understanding and experience of at least two of the following in a large complex environment: IT architecture IT operating model IT outsourcing/managed services strategy IT strategic sourcing and/or contract negotiation IT transition/transformation programme management IT vendor management IT risk management and cybersecurity Experience of either Financial Services, Public Sector, Large Multinationals An strong academic background, through an undergraduate degree; graduate degree/MBA a plus Excellent presentation, report writing and articulation skills A high level of personal intellect and a never-ending willingness to learn Ambition and a strong work ethic, passion for the quality of your work A collaborative working style and evidence of being a team player Candidates must have the right to live and work in the UK. Although our offices are based in London, you must be able to work on our customer sites in various UK and potentially European locations."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Negotiable + Bonus + Benefits"	"Wavestone"	"John Harold"	"JSXCREQ-2904"	"29/11/2018 15:26:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjLf"	NA	"January 2019"	NA
"SAP MDG Programme Manager (global consultancy)"	"Up to £700 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"SAP MDG Programme Manager (global consultancy)"	"City of London - Up to £700 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"SAP MDG Programme Manager (global consultancy)Looking for a SAP Master Data Governance Programme and Project manager to joing one of top consulting organisation. You should have experience on most of the following:-Experience working with global management consultancies working for top class clients as a Master Data Management/MDG Project and Programme Manager- with strong data background.Must have strong skills in data analysis and interpretation, deep experience in the world of Datamodelling, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Microsoft BI capabilityVery strong data management and data governance background (MDM/MDG)ERP SAP experience will be a bonusExperience of managing On and Offshore teamShould have managed global MDG Projects"	"City of London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	NA	"Up to £700 per Day"	"Careerwise"	"Shubha Singh "	"JS-0000005580"	"28/11/2018 14:21:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkZs0"	NA	NA	NA
"Site reliability Engineer"	"£80k - £100k per annum + Excellent benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Site reliability Engineer"	"London - £80k - £100k per annum + Excellent benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"I have an opportunity that's just 2 minutes away from Kings Cross as a Site Relibaility Engineer, working on a AI project that could save lives. It's a Site Reliability Engineer role, but is very very dev focussed. not your typical DevOps Infra type of opportunity. This is your opportunity to join a massive GCP house, developing and supporting an Artificial Intelligence platform with Go, Python, Linux, containers (Docker, Kubernetes) whilst utilising their proprietary infrastructure services and products. It's something you can proudly add to your profile. The projects carry a lot of weight in the industry and are essentially life-changing. If you're interested in this opportunity don't hesitate, you can call me for more information or apply directly below with your most up to date CV."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£80k - £100k per annum + Excellent benefits"	"Linuxrecruit"	"Ethan Farrell "	"JS-BBBH3266"	"27/11/2018 09:28:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMmJ"	NA	NA	NA
"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech)"	"£75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech)"	"London - £75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech):We're looking for a passionate Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech) who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and bring their own relevant experience to an organisation that are focusing their Machine Learning Research and development on building an advanced Machine Learning platforms for trading and analytics, specifically within sporting.As a Software Engineer/Software Developer you will be a part of a very dynamic and collaborative team who are building a next generation platform, which will help turn prototype trading models into systems that are production-ready. You will be an integral part of their vision as they draw on their industry-leading machine learning research and development. You will be part of a small team, with opportunity to publish papers, work on own projects and collaborate on ML models and algorithms with your surrounding team members.As a Software Engineer/Software Developer you will be working closely with the surrounding Machine Learning Engineers, Software Developers, as well as the Research team - programming in Python and C++ mainly. What we can offer a Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech):To work in a high profile start-up who are self-funded and profitable alreadyStrong salary and package offeredFlexible working environment and hoursPublishing papers, time to work on own projects during the weekKey Skills: Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech); Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, start-up, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, Computer Vision, Machine Intelligence, Cython, Linux"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhm"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference)"	"£125k - £150k per annum + bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference)"	"London - £125k - £150k per annum + bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference)We are looking for a Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference) to join our world leading research company; helping us to predict the future of financial markets.If you enjoyed the style of working in academia but also like the idea of working for one of the largest research companies in the world, this could be the right step for you. As a Quantitative Researcher, you would be working on a variety of different areas like Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Bayesian statistics, approximate inference, Time-Series forecasting and probabilistic models. You would be working in a small team of Quantitative Researchers on dedicated projects enjoying flexible working hours and a lot of freedom regarding you research.What we can offer a Quantitative Researcher the following:The chance to work for a leading research companyFlexible working hours, the freedom to work on your projects the way you prefer, a great company culture and exceptional team spiritThe chance to work on exciting real-world problems within Machine LearningA chance to visit the leading conferences in Machine Learning (NIPS, ICML) and the opportunity to publish your own papersBeing a part of a small team of Quantitative Researchers with the chance to enjoy an exceptional working environment including team events, team building activities and a dedicated open working spaceRelocation package and visa sponsorship supplied for the right candidateKey Skills: Quantitative Researcher, Quantitative Researcher, ML, Artificial Intelligence, AI, Finance, Neural Networks, Python, Gaussian Process, Bayesian Inference, Time-Series, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Probabilistic Models, Approximate Inference, Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing, Markov Models, Signal Processing, Computational Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematical Modelling"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£125k - £150k per annum + bonus"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHh4"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Machine Learning Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting)"	"£100k - £150k per annum + bonuses"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Machine Learning Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting)"	"London - £100k - £150k per annum + bonuses"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting)We are looking for a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting) to join our dedicated Machine Learning Research team; helping us to cQreate some of the most advanced predictive Machine Learning models in the world and implement them within the financial markets.Culturally, we would describe ourselves as a startup within a larger organisation. The way we operate is very similar to academia, so as a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher you will be asked to go away and read the latest publications within the fields of Deep Learning/Reinforcement Learning/Bayesian Inference/Gaussian Process/Times Series Forecasting and look at new and innovative ways you could implement this within our business. As a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher if you enjoyed the style in which you conducted your postdoctoral research or your PhD - though felt a frustration with no 'real-world impact' - this could be a good move for you. Our fund manages nearing thirty billion dollars; a growing number year on year. What we can offer a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher (Deep Learning, Predictive Models)A place in a leading hedge fund working with the some of the brightest minds in the ML-for-finance industryNon-hierarchical structure, startup culture, hack rooms + music roomsTo be a part of something bigger with the ML community; we host ML meetups attending by leading academics/industry leadersA chance to publish your own papersTo join a dedicated team of 7 ML Researchers, as we grow to ten people in 2018.Key Skills: Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher, Quantitative Researcher, ML, Artificial Intelligence, AI, Hedge Fund, Neural Networks, Python, Gaussian Process, Bayesian Inference, Time-Series, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Probabilistic Models, Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing, Markov Models, Signal Processing, Computational Statistics, Econometrics"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£100k - £150k per annum + bonuses"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-SM-4011"	"03/12/2018 05:00:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhz"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading,Python, ML)"	"£65k - £80k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading,Python, ML)"	"Cambridge - £65k - £80k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML):We are currently looking for a passionate Software Engineer/Software Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML) to join a tier-one Machine Learning start-up based in central Cambridge. This ML organisation have just received a huge amount of seed funding and are looking to expand their team due to increased demand for their unique, predictive technology.Within the company, you will be part of an agile environment and small team working on algorithmic trading strategies, using a combination of state-of-the-art techniques - such as time-series analysis, supervised learning, mathematical modelling etc. You will be a key driving force in how the organisation expands and how their Machine Learning technology is implemented.We're looking for a Software Engineer/Software Developer, who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and join a team of researchers and engineers who are paving the way in regards to AI decision making. Within this organization, you will be working mainly in Python, however the company are open to programming backgrounds eg Java, C++ etc.What we can offer a Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML):Work as part of a leading Machine Learning start-upStrong salary and options offeredFlexible working environment, start-up valuesTraining available, working amongst leading researchers and engineersKey Skills: Software Engineer/Software Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML): Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, Start-Up, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, TDD, Clean Code, Supervised Learning, Time-Series Analysis, Predictive Models"	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£65k - £80k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhe"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Senior Software Engineer (Deep Learning, Mathematics, Python)"	"£75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Engineer (Deep Learning, Mathematics, Python)"	"London - £75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 26 November 2018"	""	"Senior Software Engineer (Deep Learning, Mathematics, Python):We're looking for a passionate Senior Software Engineer (Deep Learning, Statistics, Python) who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and bring their own relevant experience to an organisation that are focusing their Machine Learning Research and development on building an advanced Machine Learning platforms for trading and analytics, specifically within sporting.As a Senior Software Engineer you will be a part of a very dynamic and collaborative team who are building a next generation platform, which will help turn prototype trading models into systems that are production-ready. You will be an integral part of their vision as they draw on their industry-leading machine learning research and development. You will be part of a small team, with opportunity to publish papers, work on own projects and colloborate on ML models and algorithms with your surrounding team members.As a Senior Software Engineer you will be working closely with the surrounding Machine Learning Engineers, Software Developers, as well as the Research team - programming in Python and C++ mainly. What we can offer a Senior Software Engineer (Deep Learning, Mathematics, Python):To work in a high profile startup who are self-funded and profitable alreadyStrong salary and package offeredFlexible working environment and hoursPublishing papers, time to work on own projects during the weekKey Skills: Senior Software Engineer (Deep Learning, Mathematics, Python); Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, startup, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, Computer Vision, Machine Intelligence, Cython, Linux"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"26/11/2018 19:06:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkABn"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars)"	"£45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars)We're looking for a passionate C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars) who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and bring their own relevant experience in C++, to a company currently disrupting approaches to autonomous vehicles. You will be an influential voice within the company at this period of huge growth and success, collaborating alongside some of the UK's largest organisations - mainly programming in C++.As a C++ Developer/C++ Engineer you will be working closely with the Computer Vision and Machine Learning Engineers, as well as the Engineering team. Within this organization, you will have the opportunity to create self-determining vehicles that are not only learning from their own behaviours, but also tackling real-world issues eg urban cities, human overpopulation.As a C++ Developer/C++ Engineer, you will be applying complex algorithms to our software stack on a huge scale, targeting the advancement of fully autonomous agents. We are looking for C++ Developers/C++ Engineers who aren't afraid to take risks in the face of huge technical challenges, advancing current models used for our world-class autonomous vehicles.What we can offer a C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars):To work in a high profile startup who are commercially viableStrong salary and packageTo work in an organization with a startup culture, leading the way in their fieldFlexible working environmentKey Skills: C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars; Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, startup, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, Computer Vision, Machine IntelligenceSoftware Developer/Software Engineer (C++, Computer Vision)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHh7"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Developer/Engineer (Localisation, C++, Robotics)"	"£45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer/Engineer (Localisation, C++, Robotics)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 26 November 2018"	""	"Software Developer/Software Engineer (Localisation, C++, Robotics):We're looking for a passionate Software Developer/Software Engineer (Localisation, C++, Robotics) who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and bring their own relevant experience, to a company currently disrupting approaches to autonomous vehicles. Within this organization, you will have the opportunity to create self-determining vehicles that are not only learning from their own behaviours, but also tackling real-world issues, eg urban cities, human overpopulation.As a Software Developer/Software Engineer you will be working closely with the Computer Vision and Machine Learning Engineers, as well as the Engineering team. You will be implementing your unique skills within the domain and be an influential voice within the company at this period of huge growth and success - mainly programming in C++.As a Software Developer/Software Engineer, you will be applying complex algorithms to our software stack on a huge scale, targetting the advancement of fully autonomous agents. We are looking for Software Developers/Software Engineers who aren't afraid to take risks in the face of huge technical challenges, advancing current models used for our world-class autonomous vehicles.What we can offer a Software Developer/Engineer (Localisation, C++, Robotics):To work in a high profile startup who are commercially viableStrong salary and packageTo work in an organization with a startup culture, leading the way in their fieldFlexible working environmentKey Skills: Software Developer/Engineer (Localisation, C++, Robotics); Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, startup, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, Computer Vision, Machine IntelligenceSoftware Developer/Software Engineer (C++, Computer Vision)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"26/11/2018 19:09:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkABq"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java)"	"£35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Belfast"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java)"	"Belfast - £35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java):We are currently looking for a passionate Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java) to join an internationally recognised organisation based in central Belfast. This company are currently providing personalised healthcare services, through their unique Machine Learning technology, to a variety of high profile cliental within the pharmaceutical and diagnostic domain.As a Software Engineer/Software Developer, you will be part of a small, academic team and play a key role in how Machine Learning is implemented, as the organisation expands further into the global market place. You will be effecting real-world problems, developing technology that will work to save lives and provide better treatment to those in critical condition.We're looking for a Software Engineer/Software Developer, who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and join a team of researchers and engineers who are paving the way in regards to AI in the field of healthcare. Within this organization, you will be working on mathematical models, as well as developing ML algorithms and finding solutions for Big Data.What we can offer a Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java):Join an organisation who are applying Machine Learning technology to real-world problemsWorld as part of a small-team, agile teamBe a key decision maker within the ML team, implement new ideasWork alongside key players within the pharmaceutical and medicine industry on a global scaleKey Skills: Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java); Java, Cloud, Google Cloud, AWS, Python, C++, C, R, MATLAB, Computer Science, Maths, Mathematics, Physics, Astrophysics, Tensorflow, Mathematical Models, Algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms, Healthcare, Medicine, AI, Artificial Intelligence, Diagnostics, Belfast, Msci, Bachelors, PhD, Postdoc, Research, Researcher, SQL, Scikit Learn, PANDAS, Apache Spark, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Non-Linear Models, Lambdas, Redshift, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, Decision Trees, Monte Carlo, GCP, Big Data, Development, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Programmer"	"Belfast, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhj"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Machine Learning Engineer (AI in Healthcare, Java, AWS)"	"£35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Belfast"	"Permanent"	"Machine Learning Engineer (AI in Healthcare, Java, AWS)"	"Belfast - £35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 26 November 2018"	""	"Machine Learning Engineer (AI in Healthcare, Java, AWS):We are currently looking for a passionate Machine Learning Engineer (AI in Healthcare, Java, AWS) to join an internationally recognised organisation based in central Belfast. This company are currently providing personalised healthcare services, through their unique Machine Learning technology, to a variety of high profile cliental within the pharmaeutical and diagnostic domain.As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be part of a small, academic team and play a key role in how Machine Learning is implemented, as the organisation expands further into the global market place. You will be effecting real-world problems, developing technology that will work to save lives and provide better treatment to those in critical condition.We're looking for a Machine Learning Engineer, who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and join a team of researchers and engineers who are paving the way in regards to AI in the field of healthcare. Within this organization, you will be working on mathematical models, as well as developing ML algorithms and finding solutions for Big Data.What we can offer a Machine Learning Engineer (AI in Healthcare, Java, AWS):Join an organisation who are applying Machine Learning technology to real-world problemsWorld as part of a small-team, agile teamBe a key decision maker within the ML team, implement new ideasWork alongside key players within the pharmaceutical and medicine industry on a global scaleKey Skills: Machine Learning Engineer (AI in Healthcare, Java, AWS); Java, Cloud, Google Cloud, AWS, Python, C++, C, R, MATLAB, Computer Science, Maths, Mathematics, Physics, Astrophysics, Tensorflow, Mathematical Models, Algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms, Healthcare, Medicine, AI, Artificial Intelligence, Diagnostics, Belfast, Msci, Bachelors, PhD, Postdoc, Research, Researcher, SQL, Scikit Learn, PANDAS, Apache Spark, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Non-Linear Models, Lambdas, Redshift, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, Decision Trees, Monte Carlo, GCP, Big Data, Development, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Programmer"	"Belfast, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"26/11/2018 19:05:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkABl"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA
"Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node)"	"£40k - £55k per annum + shares"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node)"	"Cambridge - £40k - £55k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node)We are looking for a Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node) to join our innovative, AI-driven start up. We are an advanced analytics company, developing the important technology that allows world-leading specialists to be linked to companies within Healthcare and Life Sciences, Finance, Tech and more.We have developed this platform with smart AI technology and expertise from individuals with links to some of the best universities in the world, to develop and turn this product into one that will improve vast areas of the commercial environment.As an experienced Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node) within our business, you will be a part of a very dynamic and collaborative team where you can develop new features and modules of our analytical platform. Specialising in JavaScript you will be working with Angular/Node and React, becoming an integral part of forming their vision; creatively solving problems and devising solutions, leading the platform to become more valuable and scalable.Realistically, what we're after is a very hands on experienced Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node), experienced in using JavaScript, who would be interested in immersing themselves in a Machine Learning and Data environment.What we can offer as a Software Developer:A chance to develop a product that can change the way an industry operates.The chance to work with and learn from experience Software Developers.To be a part of a rapidly growing startup, working in a very friendly flexible environment.The opportunity to utilise benefits such as an onsite gym, regular socials, onsite BBQ and an excellent range of employee benefits.Key Skills: JavaScript, Angular, Software Engineer, Software Developer, Full-Stack, Startup, Node.JS, MongoDB, SQL, Python, SaaS, Comp Sci, BSc, MSc, PhD, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data, AI, Artificial Intelligence"	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £55k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Thomas Attwell "	"JS-BBBH5431"	"03/12/2018 05:00:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhi"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA
"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"Poole, Dorset - £25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Software Developer (Visual Studio) WPF, C++, Embedded, VB6, Poole, AI, Visual Processing, £25-45k, Software Developer (Visual Studio) Poole, Dorset  £25000 - £45000 + Package.  Please note my client cannot offer sponsorship for VISA holders/international applicants.Your new company  This specialist manufacturing business have become well-reputed key players in their field and due to continued growth and seeking a specialist Software Developer to join the team. You will be based from their head office in Poole, easily commutable from most location on the South Coast and 5 minutes from the beach. Your new role  The role is open to junior developers right to up to senior level, providing you have an excellent grasp of Visual Studio and understand you'll be working on Windows Desktop or Embedded projects.  This is predominantly a hands-on position working to support the development of a scalable system which underpins the companies design and distribution of products. You'll work across a range of technologies and be able to broaden your skill set, whilst gaining knowledge of a competitive and technical market.  You will be part of a well-established team for a business pushing 50 years in industry. The role will involve maintenance work but as they dip into new markets new development projects will become the focus for the team.  The company operate a flat structure and select elements of Agile that work for them. It's a small team with good tenure and retention and of course they champion open communication and collaboration, with developers needing to react and firefight at short notice. What you'll need to succeed  You must have demonstrable experience working with Visual Studio and an OO programming language, namely Vb.NET, though C# is fine. They've replaced Silverlight with WPF for the UI and would like to see a solid grasp of modern, clean coding principles, perhaps including UWP. Wider knowledge of Embedded Software, Real Time processing, VB6, Artificial Intelligence and Image Processing will reflect well but are not essential. What you'll get in return  You'll join a profitable, successful company with plans to gradually add to the development team throughout the year. There's free parking, 32 days' holiday a good company pension and support to improve your skill set through company funded courses where appropriate. What you need to do now Salary is negotiable for the right candidate up to £45000 and is representative of the company's flexible approach to employment and empowering developers.  To be considered for this position please apply directly, or contact Max Wilcock.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	NA	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3331005"	"29/11/2018 09:42:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gfjve"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Engineer/Data Scientist"	"£50k - £60k per annum + Excellent Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineer/Data Scientist"	"Cambridge - £50k - £60k per annum + Excellent Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"We're working with an exciting and growing Science & Research company who are looking to recruit a Data Engineer/Data Scientist to join at an exciting time.You will be play a key role in the design, construction and maintenance of the data services used by the Insights and Analytics team and the role will involve the streamlining of existing data services as well as the sourcing and development of new ones. The role will also require working with structured, curated and unstructured data models and services.Day to day you'll be automating the provision of clean, structured and consistent data; automating the extraction of data from a variety of tools and platforms and recommending ways to improve data reliability and quality.We're looking for someone who has a passion for data and enabling a ground breaking scientific research team to make the most of out its huge volume of data. Any experience of Oracle would be great, but if not a solid knowledge of SQL Server and tableau would fine. You'll need to have demonstrable experience of developing data feeds, Datamodelling and data analytics and experience of ETL/Extract Transform and Load. Any experience or interest in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence would be a distinct advantage.This is a great opportunity for an individual who is looking to develop and exciting career within a growing company with ambitious vision to become the leading and most influential company within Scientific research.To apply for this role please send your CV ASAP"	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £60k per annum + Excellent Benefits"	"Tria Recruitment"	"Liz Forsyth "	"JS-BBBH1401"	"29/11/2018 11:20:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhTn"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Big Data Engineer"	"Up to £600.00 per Day"	"Winnersh"	"Contract"	"Big Data Engineer"	"Winnersh - Up to £600.00 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Big Data Engineer Your new company  My Client is one the UK's leading telecommunications company. they are looking for a big data engineer, to help with the development and operations of a Real Time data stream platform used for telemetry on several million devices globally Your new role  You will be participating in the design, development and support of a Real Time data stream platforms participating in the design, development and support of automated test platforms. You'll also Develop and deploy software capable of parsing, merging and enriching data sets. Being able to Work with other teams (technical and business) on creating automated dashboards and reports which support the operations of Liberty Global's services is a key part of the role. Working with other engineers on creating capacity models which support the operations. Integrate new data sources as well as support existing integrations on data stream platforms. Hands-on involvement in building, deployment and testing pipelines (automated deployment and testing to ensure continuous delivery). Recommends on CI/CD (Continuous Integrations and Deployment) system solutions and associated automation implementations using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent. Design and develop in-life excellence solution like Fault identification, tolerance and recovery automation using Monitoring tools (local and on public cloud platforms) Nagios, Zabbix, SensuWhat you'll need to succeed  A Wide understanding of IP Networking as well as data Centre infrastructure; Solid understanding of Linux. Proven experience with deploying and tuning Open Source components into a production experience; Good Scripting and/or programming skills (bash, python, Perl, AWK, Java, Javascript ); Experience with data collection, analysis, transformations, storage and visualization, such as Elasticsearch, Kibana, Graphana, Cassandra (or other NOSQL DB) Desirable. Experience with configuration management/orchestration tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet or Salt); Experience with ELK stack on a high throughput high available environment; Experience with NoSQL technologies ( Cassandra, MongoDB); Experience with Apache Kafka; Experience with Message Brokers technology (RabbitMQ, Redis, ); Experience with: Apache Mesos, Apache Zookeeper, Apache Flume; Experience with Statsd, Graphite and Grafana; Ability to apply statistical techniques to solve problems; Understanding of Artificial Intelligence methodologies;  Experience with big data technologies and platforms You'll have to be both a strong self-starter as well as team player; Must be able to work under pressure and be prepared to work outside normal working hours when necessary; Self-motivated and proactive in the working environment;  proven ability to work with speed and accuracy to deadlines is essential; Has an ability to rapidly absorb new technical skills and learn new concepts quickly; Has a systematic, disciplined, and analytical approach to problem solving; The ability to build relationships and convey authority when needed at all levels in order to resolve conflicts and maintain direction; Takes responsibility and feels accountable for own and team action. Essential education and experience:  MSc degree level (or relevant experience) on engineering, computer science (or related studies); Fluent spoken and written English; Hands on engineering tasks like coding, system configuration and integration; Experience with Open Source components on a production environment. Desirable education and experience: Experience with the development and use of data analytics from a software development, coding and database perspective.What you'll get in return  Great Career progression, a chance to enhance your skill set and work with very successful company, You'll also get a very competitive day rate. What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Talent Solutions is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Winnersh, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Up to £600.00 per Day"	"Hays Talent Solutions"	"Joshua Vasdewan "	"JS-3487011"	"03/12/2018 15:28:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQit"	NA	"ASAP"	"1 to 3 months"
"Insurance Data Analytics Leader - London"	"up to £150k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Insurance Data Analytics Leader - London"	"London - up to £150k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Oliver James Associates have been instructed to help find a Director of Insurance Analytics for a genuine global tier-one leading advisory organisation. The role pays up to £150,000 plus pension, bonus and extras. The importance of data is recognised as being a critical asset to the insurance sector. Emerging technologies, effective usage, management, manipulation, protection and insight now significantly boost companies in reducing risk, improving resilience, gaining intelligence, control and trust in their data, comply with regulatory requirements and identify fraud/crimeWe would be interested in hearing from candidates that have operated at Director/Head-of/CxO-level within data analytics in the UK Insurance sector.Typical candidates will be able to demonstrate the below experience within the UK insurance sector:-Ability to build relationships at CXO levelAbility to develop new ideas into structured, deliverable proposalsTrack record of leading project delivery and project teams including ability to meet deadlines, overcome challenges, manage stakeholder expectations and produce project deliverablesAbility to identify and address stakeholder needs,Strong analytical and problem solving capabilitiesExcellent stakeholder management and interpersonal skillsExcellent presentation and report writing skillsDesire to work in an exciting, yet rapidly changing environmentDesirable SkillsExperience in building Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning models eg Natural Language Processing (NLP), Natural Language Generation (NLG), Deep Learning (Voice and Image recognition), Geospatial Prediction, Multi-layer Perception and other Neural Networks.Experience in multiple tools/language/frameworks within the Big Data (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, MongoDB, Neo4j, Hbase, Cassandra)Understanding of Artificial Intelligence and Cloud Platforms (eg Azure/IBM/Google/AWS)Advanced data analytics, building models in Python, R, SAS programming languages and librariesData analytics and visualisation products such as D3, Power BI, Qlikview, TableauStrong SQL and data manipulation skills"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	"Executive"	"up to £150k"	"Oliver James Associates"	"Damian Shaw "	"JS-DSH-GAB-BIR"	"28/11/2018 11:22:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXNi"	NA	NA	NA
"Lead Solution Architect - Big Data Platform, Data, Azure, AWS,"	"£100-110k + benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Solution Architect - Big Data Platform, Data, Azure, AWS,"	"London - £100-110k + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Lead Solution Architect - Big Data Platform, Data, Azure, AWS, Micro-Service, Hadoop, NoSQL, SQL  A global media organisation are looking to hire a Lead Solution Architect to join a newly formed engineering and architecture practice which are driving key initiatives including the development of a Global Big Data Platform. The Lead Architect will manage and mentor a team of architects, whilst being a strong advocate for the team and sharing practices, ideas and successes with other product delivery teams. The ideal candidate will be a Solution Architect within the data space, with experience operating in a Multi-Cloud environment ideally encompassing Azure and AWS. They are looking for someone with full solution architecture experience, in particular, in-depth experience in scaled micro-service architecture/scaled platforms in public cloud and a broad range of data skills eg Hadoop, NoSQL, as well as relational database management system SQL. This is a senior level position in which you'll be put in from of senior exec members, they're looking for someone to get into the detail and ask the right questions. The client is particularly interested in hiring architects who will bring fresh ideas from all areas, including but not limited to; information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence.Key responsibilities: Line management of a team of architects (onshore and offshore)Collaboration with other leads in the Data Engineering function to deliver secure, reliable, robust, scalable solutions which can be built, tested and deployed through the Route to Live and into production using automation and CI/CD pipelineResponsible for solution, high and detailed design and oversight in the Data Engineering team deliverablesIdentify and implement software engineering and scaled architecture best practicesResponsible for ensuring design and solution reviews are conducted to a high standardRequired skills:Proven experience managing small teams and mentoring architects and developersExperience working with big data platformsDevelopment proficiency in one of the following: Python, Java or JavaScriptAbility to create high-quality scalable architectures and detailed designs in an agile environmentExperience in microservice architecture essentialKnowledge of cloud platforms such as Azure and AWSKnowledge of Continuous Integrations and Continuous Delivery This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a globally recognised brand in a Lead role that offers a brand-new modern office equipped with all of the latest gadgets, subsidised gym membership, 25 days holiday (+ birthday holiday), free health assessments, a free Tastecard and many more competitive benefits.Cornwallis Elt is an Employment Agency and has been listed 3 times in The Sunday Times Virgin Fast Track 100 of the UK`s fastest growing private companies, as well as in the Recruitment International Top 250, Top 50 in IT and the Recruiter Fast 50."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£100-110k + benefits"	"Cornwallis Elt Ltd"	"Catherine Newton "	"JS BHJOB6067_14005"	"27/11/2018 13:53:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPkz"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"PHP Developer - Full Stack Laravel/React.js"	"£50,000 per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"PHP Developer - Full Stack Laravel/React.js"	"London - £50,000 per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Superstar React Developer required for a Hollywood blockbuster. Would you like to help create & define the standard in the way the Film and Broadcast industry modernises & streamlines the management of its programme data?  Meta is a startup looking to revolutionize the Data Management field for the Broadcast and Film industry. Currently working with some of the biggest names in the field such as Warner Brothers, HBO, CNN, Boomerang, Cartoon Network, TCM and Turner.  The Role Meta provides users with tools to manage, fix & clean their metadata, create centralized standards, and design & manage data estate & integrations. With a fully configurable API gateway, Meta enables plug & play functionality to all required services and becomes the data backbone that delivers digital inventory for the biggest Broadcasters in the world. You will build next-generation tech that changes how millions of users connect, explore and interact with information and media content. We're looking for maverick devs that bring fresh perspectives from information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list is growing every day.  RESPONSIBILITIES Create innovative UI elements, stunning JavaScript contraptions and outstanding web development. Collaborate with the dev team to design and launch new features. Work with graphic designers converting designs to visual elements. Test and maintain software products to ensure strong functionality and optimisation Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Understanding client requirements and how they translate to new application features BASIC QUALIFICATIONS  Experience in Database Development, with knowledge of MySQL 2 Years with PHP (Laravel), PHP Data Parsers and REST API 1 Year with modern JavaScript frameworks (ReactJS/Angular, etc.) Experience writing modern Javascript (ES6/ES7) Experience with consuming web services from Back End and exposing in beautiful custom HTML visuals Comfortable with the unix/linux environment and tooling such as npm PREFERRED SKILLS Redux DevOps, CI/CD Knowledge Testing Experience working with content management systems Salary Details: Up to GBP 50,000 per year depending on suitability. Working in modern Central London Office in the heart of Soho, the Film & TV district. Work 1 day per week Remotely from home.  Must be able to start project by latest 7th of Dec. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50,000 per year"	"Meta Data Systems"	"Meta Data Systems"	"JS2600957/584928003"	"03/12/2018 16:03:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQRa"	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Software with Data"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Coventry"	"Permanent"	"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Software with Data"	"Coventry - 20k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A leading premium automotive business and leading to move towards electric autonomous vehicles.Our award-winning graduate and apprentice programmes have been designed to be just as inspiring as the next generation of vehicles you'll help produce. In fact, we've designed our early careers programmes for you to shape the future with us. With opportunities right across our business, you'll use your creativity to bring new ideas to life, develop specialist, commercial and project skills and push the boundaries of your potential.WHAT TO EXPECTJaguar Land Rover subject matter experts have been working throughout 2018 with our partners in WMG at the University of Warwick to develop a new BSc degree in Digital Technology Solutions (which is subject to final University approval).You'll spend your first three months at university, where you'll gain programming skills and start to build your professional business skills. After this time, you'll typically attend university for one week in every six to achieve your Bachelor's degree and study at the newly constructed Degree Apprenticeship Centre in the heart of the University of Warwick campus.You'll contribute to the business in your assigned role, as well as undertake additional study in your own time, to achieve your academic award. A network of apprentice tutors and line managers will regularly review your progress and offer advice along the way, to support you performing at your best.Level 6 Apprentices will be selected for one of the following routes:- Software Engineering, in our Engineering and IT teams - Software Engineering with Data Analysis, in our Engineering teams - Data Analytics with a variety of functions across our enterprise - Network Engineering in our IT and Facilities teamsWHERE IT WILL TAKE YOUJoin us on this apprenticeship programme and you'll be placed within one of the areas below:- PRODUCT ENGINEERING:  As the sophistication and automation of our vehicles continues to grow, our design and development teams in Electrical, Electronic and Software Engineering; and Powertrain Engineering increasingly require software engineering expertise to help create and maintain the millions of lines of code for our vehicles. Increased connectivity produces large amounts of data which can be used to continuously improve our products, and provide new services to our customers to give them experiences they love for life.- IT:  As a growing global business continuously investing in our facilities, our IT teams ensure that our people have the infrastructure and tools required to do their jobs. Our Network Engineers support existing infrastructure and the deployment of new technical solutions. Our Analysts use data from multiple sources to support day-to-day operations, drive improvements and help forecast our future requirements so that the optimal solutions can be deployed.- EMBEDDED BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ACROSS OUR ENTERPRISE:  In a world of ever greater connectivity, digital technology solutions play a role in virtually everything we do and experience. Our global teams across our business are increasingly using data from multiple sources to make critical decisions and drive outstanding performance.Data analytics, the management and manipulation of relevant data is essential for us to continue to offer a world-class experience to our customers whilst remaining commercially viable. To take on this challenge you should enjoy problem solving, have good analytical proficiency and be comfortable manipulating and working with large amounts of data.We'll continue to invest in our systems and deploy new architectures to get the most out of the data around us. Fast reporting, data visualisation and trend identification will enable the business to outperform the competition in all areas. Artificial Intelligence will play an increasingly important role in us maintaining relationships with our suppliers, customers and employees which are trusted and personalised.Join us as a Digital and Technology Solutions Apprentice and you'll start influencing our success in activities across our entire business helping us to deliver our extensive plans for further growth. You'll learn about cyber security, artificial intelligence, big data, Internet of Things, and the project management and life cycles required for them to be deployed in our business.WHAT YOU'LL NEED - GCSE Maths (Grade B/6 or above), English (Grade C/5 or above) plus an additional three GCSEs including a STEM subject at Grade C/5 or above (or an ICT vocational qualification at level 3 of 90 credit value 540GLH or greater).- Specialism-Software/Network Engineer: A Level Maths (Grade C or above), plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above) or A Level Maths (Grade C or above) plus completion of a higher apprenticeship (Level 4/5) in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms.- Specialism-Data Analyst: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).- Specialism-Software Engineer with Data: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).REWARDS AND BENEFITSOur salaries are competitive and we will also pay your tuition and course fees and give you a generous holiday allowance as part of your package. You'll be able to access a range of deals and discounts from various retailers and many of our facilities have their own gyms and sports facilities so you'll have plenty of opportunities to play at the end of the working day."	"Coventry, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"Graduate"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"JS2584743_RP554331807/578151249"	"03/12/2018 15:59:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQOh"	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Data Analyst"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Coventry"	"Permanent"	"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Data Analyst"	"Coventry - 20k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A leading premium automotive business and leading to move towards electric autonomous vehicles.Our award-winning graduate and apprentice programmes have been designed to be just as inspiring as the next generation of vehicles you'll help produce. In fact, we've designed our early careers programmes for you to shape the future with us.  With opportunities right across our business, you'll use your creativity to bring new ideas to life, develop specialist, commercial and project skills and push the boundaries of your potential.WHAT TO EXPECTJaguar Land Rover subject matter experts have been working throughout 2018 with our partners in WMG at the University of Warwick to develop a new BSc degree in Digital Technology Solutions (which is subject to final University approval).  You'll spend your first three months at university, where you'll gain programming skills and start to build your professional business skills. After this time, you'll typically attend university for one week in every six to achieve your Bachelor's degree and study at the newly constructed Degree Apprenticeship Centre in the heart of the University of Warwick campus.You'll contribute to the business in your assigned role, as well as undertake additional study in your own time, to achieve your academic award. A network of apprentice tutors and line managers will regularly review your progress and offer advice along the way, to support you performing at your best.Level 6 Apprentices will be selected for one of the following routes:- Software Engineering, in our Engineering and IT teams  - Software Engineering with Data Analysis, in our Engineering teams  - Data Analytics with a variety of functions across our enterprise  - Network Engineering in our IT and Facilities teamsWHERE IT WILL TAKE YOUJoin us on this apprenticeship programme and you'll be placed within one of the areas below:- PRODUCT ENGINEERING :  As the sophistication and automation of our vehicles continues to grow, our design and development teams in Electrical, Electronic and Software Engineering; and Powertrain Engineering increasingly require software engineering expertise to help create and maintain the millions of lines of code for our vehicles. Increased connectivity produces large amounts of data which can be used to continuously improve our products, and provide new services to our customers to give them experiences they love for life.- IT :  As a growing global business continuously investing in our facilities, our IT teams ensure that our people have the infrastructure and tools required to do their jobs. Our Network Engineers support existing infrastructure and the deployment of new technical solutions. Our Analysts use data from multiple sources to support day-to-day operations, drive improvements and help forecast our future requirements so that the optimal solutions can be deployed.- EMBEDDED BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ACROSS OUR ENTERPRISE :  In a world of ever greater connectivity, digital technology solutions play a role in virtually everything we do and experience. Our global teams across our business are increasingly using data from multiple sources to make critical decisions and drive outstanding performance.Data analytics, the management and manipulation of relevant data is essential for us to continue to offer a world-class experience to our customers whilst remaining commercially viable. To take on this challenge you should enjoy problem solving, have good analytical proficiency and be comfortable manipulating and working with large amounts of data.We'll continue to invest in our systems and deploy new architectures to get the most out of the data around us. Fast reporting, data visualisation and trend identification will enable the business to outperform the competition in all areas. Artificial Intelligence will play an increasingly important role in us maintaining relationships with our suppliers, customers and employees which are trusted and personalised.Join us as a Digital and Technology Solutions Apprentice and you'll start influencing our success in activities across our entire business helping us to deliver our extensive plans for further growth. You'll learn about cyber security, artificial intelligence, big data, Internet of Things, and the project management and life cycles required for them to be deployed in our business.WHAT YOU'LL NEED- GCSE Maths (Grade B/6 or above), English (Grade C/5 or above) plus an additional three GCSEs including a STEM subject at Grade C/5 or above (or an ICT vocational qualification at level 3 of 90 credit value 540GLH or greater).- Specialism-Software/Network Engineer: A Level Maths (Grade C or above), plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above) or A Level Maths (Grade C or above) plus completion of a higher apprenticeship (Level 4/5) in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms.- Specialism-Data Analyst: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).- Specialism-Software Engineer with Data: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).REWARDS AND BENEFITSOur salaries are competitive and we will also pay your tuition and course fees and give you a generous holiday allowance as part of your package. You'll be able to access a range of deals and discounts from various retailers and many of our facilities have their own gyms and sports facilities so you'll have plenty of opportunities to play at the end of the working day. "	"Coventry, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"Graduate"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"JS2584741_RP554331805/578151248"	"03/12/2018 15:59:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQOj"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £650 - £800 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Contract Requirement - Banking - Spark -AI - ML- R Data Scientist You'll be supporting the bank's evolution of its Data Science capability, selecting and developing new techniques for solving complex data related problemsThe team's remit is to explore new ways to use the banks data, and you'll have the opportunity to work through proofs of concept in an agile environmentDeliverablesDriving, educating and selling the developments in data science, across the data analyst and data science communityBeing a key member of the team of data scientists exploring and demonstrating how new techniques can be applied to data to drive value across our businessFormulating the data science business strategy in conjunction with the broader data science communitySupporting the broader data scientist and data analyst community to identify and deliver opportunities to support the bank's strategic direction through better use of our dataWorking within multiple concurrent virtual teams of data science specialists to implement the strategyEmbedding new data techniques in to the business through role modelling, training and design oversightSupporting the processes of pilots and proof of concept delivery to provide opportunities and develop business cases to drive those opportunitiesExperience RequiredDeep experience of data science techniques, including the pragmatic implementation of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and multi-variant analysis techniquesExperience of the tools used to deploy advanced techniques, including some of R, Impala, SAS, Python, Spark in a structured and unstructured data environmentAn ability to work with and influence a range of stakeholdersAn ability to support a portfolio of technically complex opportunities simultaneouslyLocation: LondonDuration: 6 monthsRate: £650 - £800 per DayHow to Apply: If you want to work with passionate individuals and be part of a business critical team then this is the opportunity for you. Alternatively if you have a friend or colleague that may be suitable please pass on my details. Successful referrals will be rewarded.  To discuss this in more detail please send your CV:Ryan Baker | (see below)Empiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Executive"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-013756"	"30/11/2018 17:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqvo"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months"
"Solution Architect"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Solution Architect"	"London"	"Full Time"	"Posted: 11/30/2018 10:27:10 AM"	""	"Solution ArchitectWithin Hiscox we are undergoing an extensive business systems transformation and change programme in preparation for an enterprise digital transformation project. Within our current FCP team we are in the process of moving our current internal business systems, service and applications to a cloud based platform and designing and building an API suite to wrap around these to enable a more versatile overall experience across our enterprise user base.The purpose of this Solution Architect role is to create and deliver optimum solutions meeting our the business needs. You will need to engage throughout whole project life cycle from understanding the business case and requirements to transition into BAU support. This is a key role for the delivery of projects within Hiscox and the successful Solution Architect will actively contribute to the wider architecture team; working alongside the Lead Architect and Enterprise Architects to deliver the Hiscox enterprise architectural roadmap.Within this role you will be expected to have:Experience of API design, management and service based architectures (SOA, Micro services, ESBs)Datamodelling; conceptual, logical and physical schema separationObject Oriented Design; use of UML or other suitable taxonomy to convey design.Demonstrable knowledge of Cloud/Hybrid architectures (Microsoft Azure/AWS)Experience of software development (Microsoft .NET and/or Java with SQL)An appreciation of Agile and DevOps best practicesExperience implementing Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) in solutions would be a bonus This is a challenging and exciting role - we expect you to be able to work autonomously and thrive in a high pressure environmentFlexible working: Working life doesn't always have to be 'nine to five' and we support flexible working wherever we can. No promises, but please chat to our resourcing team about the flexibility we could offer for this role.Apply now for further information We insure the unique and the interesting. And we search for the same when it comes to talented people. Hiscox is full of smart, reliable human beings that look out for customers and each other. We believe in doing the right thing, making good and rebuilding when things go wrong. Everyone is encouraged to think creatively, challenge the status quo and look for solutions."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Hiscox"	"Hiscox Group "	"JS-PCK498-22220"	"11/30/2018 10:27:10 AM"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqLt"	NA	NA	NA
"Lead DevOps Engineer (FinTech Giant, Start-Up Culture)"	"£50k - £90k per annum + Package"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Lead DevOps Engineer (FinTech Giant, Start-Up Culture)"	"Southampton, Hampshire - £50k - £90k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 26 November 2018"	""	"Lead DevOps Engineer, £50-90k + Excellent benefits, Enterprise project work, AWS stack, FinTech, Southampton. Lead DevOps Engineer (FinTech Giant, Start-up Culture) Southampton, Hampshire £50000 - £90000 + 15% Bonus + 8% Pension NO VISA SPONSORSHIP OFFERED FOR THIS POSITION.Your new company  I've been engaged on an exclusive project to recruit a Lead DevOps Engineer to within the product and innovation team of a leading FinTech business with global reach.  The role suits a hybrid candidate, someone who wants to get their hands dirty with DevOps tasks but that can also coordinate the backlog for 3 offshore DevOps Engineers. Your new role  The ethos in the team is to challenge accepted norms and to build amazing products. Yes, there are deadlines but the drive is to build something of quality which can be supported in the future, not just deliver something as quickly as possible. You'll drive the DevOps delivery team forward and will spearhead efforts to maximise product flow for the business. You'll work in a highly talented team home to some of the best dev/infra people in Hampshire and will be responsible for translating the strategy and designs of the wider digital team. Into reality. The team love the SOLID principles are big on testing, big on automated builds and CI. They practice Agile and are improving at a mature adoption of it each day.  The team build financial platforms for global players. The work is very challenging and very interesting and there is no restriction on the application of their product to other verticals. You will be all about automation and implementing the underlying infrastructure and code. There are Back End tests, Front End tests, UI tests and even integration tests for their APIs.  You will champion the use of emerging technologies, keeping abreast of these as a natural course of action. This is a cutting edge role and provides the opportunity to work in a technical team actively researching the use of Blockchain/Artificial Intelligence for new projects.What you'll need to succeed  The team operate in the enterprise software space. You'll need 5+ years in a DevOps role and ideally 2 years working directly with AWS. The range of products are hosted on a mix Java Spring Boot and MS .NET fully automated from Development to Production through AWS Cloud Services along with third party tooling to compliment this offering.  The wider stack we will be looking for: Kubernetes, Jenkins, Ansible, Lambda, Terraform, Java/Node.js/Python/Go, Kibana, Confluence/Jira, .NET Core, ELK.What you'll get in return  The team are energetic, passionate about driving the business forward and although cliché, they work hard play hard and enjoy social outings and team events on a weekly basis. On top of this the management understand IT staff and understand that quality development doesn't come easy or cheap. Each individual is treated as an adult and it shows. You'll receive one of the best benefits packages in the area including 10-15% bonus, 30 days holiday option, flexible and home working and a 8% non-contributory pension scheme. There is also a flexible benefits system to opt in for healthcare and other individual benefits of interest. What you need to do now There are excellent transport links to the business within walking distance from Southampton Central train station so getting to the office is not a problem. There is also  This is an extremely rare opportunity in the local area to work on creating/supporting innovative solutions.  To be considered please apply directly, or contact Max Wilcock.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £90k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3482178"	"26/11/2018 19:59:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkADp"	NA	NA	NA
"Lead NLP Engineer | Journalism Start-Up | London | £80-90k"	"£80-90k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead NLP Engineer | Journalism Start-Up | London | £80-90k"	"London - £80-90k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	" Young people just aren't engaged with the important issues in the world!   Millennials should read the news more!  Does this sound familiar? It is an all too common argument that not enough young people read and engage with the news but did anybody ever think that maybe this isn't the fault of these young people? The world has moved on, nobody has the time to sit down and read a broadsheet cover to cover anymore! Neither do we have the time to sift through all the crap articles, fake news and clickbait just to get an understanding of the most important issues. Maybe, just maybe, it is journalism which is broken? Red Cat Digital's newest client certainly think so. The Company My client is a VC-funded journalism start-up with an aim of building something that connects people to the news in a meaningful way. They are passionate about helping people understand what is happening in the world, what it means and why it matters. Their product is a mobile app that summarises the biggest news stories in bullet points twice a day. Unlike many news feeds that scroll endlessly, theirs is designed to be consumed in its entirety. To do this they have developed an Artificial Intelligence editor which is able to process millions of articles and pick out the very best, with a summarisation system able to produce effective extractive summaries. With a current team of 10 people, they now have a clear roadmap which includes expanding to 25 people in the next 6-12 months. The NLP Engineer Role The next stage of this growth includes finding somebody to lead their NLP efforts. This engineer will have a passion to NLP and will focus on building and improving their AI systems further. As well as the summarisation system they have also developed a category classifier which is able to identify the topic of an article from its content, as well as an evergreen classifier which is able to identify news articles which are likely to stay relevant over time. Key tasks and responsibilities include: Acquisition, cleansing, processing and visualising the integrity of data used for analysis Data mining using state-of-the-art techniques Building and optimising classifiers using machine learning & NLP techniques Deploying machine learning systems into production Delivering real impact to the product through rigorous data-driven solutions Collaborating with product managers, engineers and developers to improve data infrastructure The right person for this role will have a passion for Natural Language Processing with demonstrable experience developing similar classifiers. You will be experienced in leading a team of engineers but will also still be very much hands-on'. You will have strong expertise with Python as well as with relevant libraries and toolkits such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn etc. as well as with databases such as SQL and NoSQL. It is expected you will have an educational background in a mathematical discipline and will be experienced in statistical analysis and machine learning techniques. If you have any experience working in a start-up this is also a plus! Although it is not a necessity. In return you will join an exciting niche start-up with a bright future and have the chance to develop and grow your own team, expected to be 3-4 people within the next year. If you are results focused with a track record of innovating and challenging the status quo then get in touch with Andy Driver today"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£80-90k"	"RedCat Solutions "	"Andy Driver "	"JS"	"28/11/2018 07:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GgyRF"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Business Development Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Business Development Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Snr BDM - £60-70k + double OTEArtificial intelligence & marketing software (SaaS) combined creates a truly exceptional product that enables retailers to reach & engage consumers like never before.ESP's, if not upgraded, are slowly becoming outdated and less useful for brands to use as a marketing tool. We have partnered with a company who replaces the typical ESP and enables brands instant access to consumer data like never, which then enables them to create super engaging marketing experiences for their customers.After a round of funding (most recently to fund the growth of UK office) they are looking to build out their commercial sales team with several energetic, motivated, selfless sales people.The business is looking to double the size (employees) next year, which is an exciting prospect for anyone looking to be involved in the initial stages. They are based in really cool offices in the east end.Despite being a 'start up' - this company is working with brands that you see on the high street as well as up & coming online retailers. They have fantastic USP's over competitors and an excellent work ethic which creates a high-flying & friendly team.What do I need to join?We are looking for the best of the best to join this businessYou need to be energetic, motivated & selflessYou'll ideally have top experience selling SaaS tech platforms into big brandsSuccess in closing complex dealsMore importantly, you will be interested in this area and eager to continue learning Get in touch if you want to find out more! "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"Ultimate Asset"	"Ultimate Asset"	"JS109EFB6B/591393032"	"01/12/2018 13:25:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk3II"	NA	NA	NA
"German Speaking Business Development Executive - AI Startup"	"25k - 40k Annual + OTE, Benefits, Bonus, Trips GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"German Speaking Business Development Executive - AI Startup"	"London - 25k - 40k Annual + OTE, Benefits, Bonus, Trips GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"The CompanyWe are a cutting-edge AI SaaS company located in quirky offices on The Thames. Since our birth in 2016, we havesecured substantial VC funding, whilst forming a partnership with the leading American multinational computer technology corporation, Oracle. Using artificial intelligence software, our innovative solutions help sales and marketing teams become more effective and close more deals. Essentially, we make businesses more money. The OpportunityWe are now recruiting an additional Business Development Representative to join an established but growing team based in London. We are seeking candidates who are strong team players, have great communications skills and thrive in a target driven environment. Must be good at a problem solving with a dynamic approach to sales.What're we looking for?Bachelor's degree from a UK top 30 university Professional proficiency in GermanSales/commercial experience preferred but not essentialStrong written and verbal communication skills Startup mentality; proactive, flexibleWillingness to learn core technology toolsA passion for sales and relationship building Main Responsibilities will include:Create meeting opportunities through lead generation, networking, and research Engage customers and communicate products to prospectsGenerate a sales pipelineLead repeatable process building effortsDeliver marketing material and product insight to prospectsReport directly to the Sales Team Manager Your PackageWe appreciate that to get the best talent, we have to offer an excellent package and fantastic long-term opportunities.£25,000 + £15,000 OTEExcellent benefits such as Trips abroad, subsidised gym membership and travel. "	"London, UK"	"Trades & Services"	NA	"25k - 40k Annual + OTE, Benefits, Bonus, Trips GBP"	"WISER GRADUATES"	"WISER GRADUATES"	"JS3573_6810588/574329815"	"02/12/2018 13:13:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE5m"	NA	NA	NA
"Programmatic Trading Manger"	"30k - 45k Annual GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Programmatic Trading Manger"	"London - 30k - 45k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Programmatic Trading ManagerCompanyA fast-growing media agency, that has been around for just over a decade, from a small team of 10 they now employ over 700 employees worldwide. They are known for their award-winning campaigns and their emphasis in prioritising quality over quantity. Although they have a global presence, the company still puts a large emphasis in maintaining a laid back and family feel environment. They are a pioneering and data driven agency, where you will have the opportunity to work on a variety of clients ranging from high end fashion, Gaming, Fintech, Engineering to Artificial Intelligence.RoleThey are looking for an experienced and commercial savvy Programmatic manager with a passion for the industry and who's looking to shape the development of programmatic buying and share new thinking in collaboration with the teams and clients. * Oversee and actively implement campaign setup and optimization strategies. * Contribute to client's business growth by identifying new opportunities and help implement creative solutions. * Establish best practices and optimization strategies for campaigns utilizing DSP platforms * Creating and monitoring programmatic campaigns (KPIs, bid strategies, targeting, budget)* Support and mentor junior team members with their training and development. Skills* Previous hands-on experience using at least one DSP. * Prior experience in the activation and management of programmatic campaigns. * Have a practical understanding of Programmatic campaigns and the technology involved to run them so you can be as effective in the role as early as possible to assist clients * Expertise in the ability to build programmatic strategies for clients across sectors* Be highly organised so that you can manage multiple campaigns at once and ensure attention to detail is paid to each of them, "	"London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"30k - 45k Annual GBP"	"ASPIRE-1"	"ASPIRE-1"	"JS3573_6810488/574329822"	"02/12/2018 13:15:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE8B"	NA	NA	NA
"Recruitment Manager"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Manager"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Do you want to work with an organisation that offers you 1st class support, market leading L+D and the capital to allow you to invest and grow your team? Then as a Recruitment Manager, we'd be a great fit for you. Hydrogen Group have always led in the market when utilising the most advanced technology and being at the forefront of capitalising on the ever-changing world of recruitment. We recently took on the newest advent of RPO, utilising this in our Internal Talent model as well as building our own Artificial Intelligence Bot to focus talent on closing deals, rather than admin.As a Recruitment Manager, you will work with an organisation who currently works in over 67 countries, providing thousands of talented individuals to the most renowned organisations in the world. With over twenty years of experience operating in the market, we have an enviable reputation and a great client base.We have a great team here, with an exciting, dynamic and driven group of people. We have won several awards, including Most Socially Engaged, MarCom Platinum Award Winner and Disability Confident Member for example and continue to build on these accolades.We continue to be highly successful, growing year on year and because of this, we are currently looking to continue to increase our head count and bring on board a new Manager for one of our teams. The team are currently performing well but need a great manager who can:Drive and lead a team to achieve the bestLead all one-to-ones and review of consultants in your teamBuild better relationships and improve cross-selling between divisionsActively build out your own desk space, demonstrating your understanding of the market to your teamCreate and develop all process improvement and look at ways we do things and make any relevant suggestions to changeSupport your Director in all reporting and analysisIn return you will be offered the following:Excellent personal bonus potentialTeam bonus - market leading bonus offeringMinority Interest in place to offer your own \"cut\" of your businessTraining and Development - both internal and externalGreat remuneration, including car allowance, free breakfast, Subsidised Gym and HealthcareWhat we're looking for:Those individuals with a first-class approach to talent management and developmentA real understanding of their market space, looking to build on this even further within a supportive and well-established businessExperience of process improvement - making a real difference to what your division is doingA proven track record in bringing on board talent and growing them into market specialists and leader in their fieldA hardworking, driven mentality who never settles for second bestWhat's it like working at Hydrogen? Follow the link below to see yourself?... "	"City, London, UK"	"HR"	NA	"GBP"	"Hydrogen Group"	"Hydrogen Group"	"JS8E1357DB/574191160"	"01/12/2018 11:12:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz4b"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Manager - IT Risk Management (IRM - Audit)"	"£20k - £29,999, £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, GBP"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"Senior Manager - IT Risk Management (IRM - Audit)"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne - £20k - £29,999, £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"AutoReq ID139617BRJob TitleSenior Manager - IT Risk Management (IRM - Audit)CountryUnited KingdomLocationNewcastle upon TyneFunctionAuditService LineAuditService Line InformationAt KPMG, our vision is to be the clear choice on the future of Audit. In today's complex and ever-changing business world, we recognise that we need to be one step ahead for our clients - rather than reacting to emerging trends we need to anticipate them by harnessing technology. Our people are integral to this, bringing their natural curiosity, diversity of ideas and perspectives to help deliver client excellence.KPMG OverviewKPMG is part of a global network of firms that offers Audit, Tax & Pensions, Consulting, Deal Advisory and Technology services. Through the talent of over 16,000 colleagues, we bring our creativity and insight to our clients' most critical challenges.With offices across the UK, we work with everyone from small start-ups and individuals to major multinationals, in virtually every industry imaginable. Our work is often complex, yet our vision is simple: to be the clear choice for our clients, for our people and for the communities we work in.Job DescriptionSenior Manager - IT Risk Management (IRM - Audit)We have a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to work at a world renowned professional services company. We are keen to recruit talented people who have the energy and drive to succeed in a dynamic and challenging environment and who have a passion for delivering excellent service and building strong relationships.We believe we are market leaders in promoting diversity and inclusion in the workplace and want to encourage applications from people of all backgrounds and cultures.Take a look at our website with the link below to see \"What Makes Us Different\"The Team - National Markets IRM (Newcastle)The IRM team based in Newcastle is an integral part of our rapidly growing National Markets Audit practice. Whilst the IRM team sits within our Audit practice, we work closely with a multi-disciplinary Consulting practice to deliver a comprehensive range of services that our clients demand. Our IRM specialists deliver four key proposition to our clients:- The use of technology in the External Audit.- Assurance of technology through Internal Audit.- Attestation over the use of technology at third parties (eg cloud software vendors and providers of outsourced operations).- Advice on the management of technology risk (eg technology change programmes, emerging technology risk such as artificial intelligence, robotic process automation and Blockchain).Our core client base is predominantly within financial services and large corporates, but we are increasingly finding that our specialist skills are needed by firms in other industries like Health and Public Sector. Through one of our key propositions External Audit, we evaluate the design and operational effectiveness of technology controls and assess how they may present a risk of financial misstatement. We work closely with specialist financial auditors, working as one team to deliver this type of work.Our clients need to deal effectively with their operational risks, to achieve maximum value from their technology, data and processes and our IRM specialists provide independent, jargon-free advice to help them achieve this potential. We also work closely with our Consulting teams, for example cyber security specialists, digital experts and technology strategists to ensure our clients receive the best possible advice.The team works in an agile and flexible manner, with plenty of opportunities to develop new skills and gain new knowledge. We are keen to support and develop our people to enable them to be the best they can be.The Role- Building, managing and deepening relationships across a number of clients.- Developing internal networks and maintaining relationships with colleagues across other teams within KPMG.- Promoting high quality audit of IT and leveraging IT for an efficient External Audit.- Continuing to evolve and embed innovation into our propositions.- Having a demonstrable understanding of the firm's risk appetite for high risk assurance engagements.- Delivering value added assurance services to clients.- Managing and supervising project teams in delivery of assurance assignments.- Developing and nurturing existing talent in the growing team to maximise their potential.- Actively identifying and progressing business development opportunities, as well as managing sales activities such as proposal development and assisting with client presentations- Continued service line development, eg independent project assurance, emerging technology risk and IT due diligence.- Contributing to practice management, eg local and national initiatives, knowledge sharing, training, proposition development, and knowledge management.The PersonQualifications, experience and background:- An outstanding track record of delivering client quality and successful relationships- Evidence of leading or held significant responsibility for developing and owning senior relationships.- An excellent track record in managing multiple and complex engagements.- Ability to perform in an autonomous, highly proactive style.- Excellent oral/written communication, planning, project management, networking and influencing skills.- Flexibility to work across the UK (and internationally) where required.- Effective skills in the coaching, management and mentoring of professional staff.- Demonstrable ability to grow and develop teams.- Capacity to deliver work within tight timescales to a high quality.- Undergraduate degree or equivalent; ideally, in technology, business, or related field.- Experience in one or more areas including IT risk management, project assurance, IT External/Internal Audit, ASOX Attestation, as well as any experience with SAP, Oracle ERP and Microsoft DynamicsAdditional InformationThe role will be based at our Newcastle office, but will include travel; candidates must have a willingness to travel frequently, both domestically and internationally on occasions, with the potential to be away from home for up to four days per week for set periods of time.-Our DealIf the chance to work with interesting clients and innovative technology wasn't rewarding enough, we'll motivate you in other ways too. At KPMG you can expect real responsibilities and opportunities to grow professionally.'Our Deal' sets out all the different ways you'll be rewarded at KPMG. Among other things you can benefit from honest conversations about your career as well as a range of other rewards. In all these ways and more, we have created an environment that can bring out the best in you.Flexible WorkingWhile some of our client-facing professionals can be required to travel regularly, and at times be based at client sites, we are supportive where possible of helping you to achieve a balance between your home and work demands.We are happy to discuss individual requirements and our range of flexible working arrangements could be of interest. Furthermore, as part of the recruitment process, we can put you in touch with people who work flexibly so you can understand from them what our culture is like.Applying with a DisabilityKPMG are proud to be an inclusive, equal opportunity employer and we seek to attract and retain the best people from the widest possible talent pool. As a member of the Business Disability Forum we're committed to ensuring that you are treated fairly throughout our Recruitment Process. Should you be successful after the initial application stage, please discuss any reasonable adjustments that you may require, with your recruitment contact.KPMG's commitment to diversityWe are proud of the value we place on individuality; we want you to bring your full self to work and truly maximise your potential. We believe that your individuality helps us to deliver the best results for our clients. Diversity of background, diversity of experience, diversity of perspective - that's the KPMG difference. But, don't take our word for it, find out more about diversity at KPMG.Returning to work after a break At KPMG, we appreciate that returning to work after an extended career break can be daunting. We understand that those with experience who have taken a career break have a wealth of experience and knowledge to offer our organisation, which helps us to achieve our business goals. We will support you to refresh your skills, develop your confidence and provide a supportive network across the firm to help you best integrate into the working environment. This role welcomes applications for individuals who have been out of work for 18 months or more and who have previous relevant experience.Policy for AgenciesKPMG has a commitment to sourcing candidates directly and as such we do not accept speculative CV's from agencies. Please check here to see our policy on agencies: PolicyJob Segment:  Audit, Risk Management, Manager, Consulting, Database, Finance, Management, Technology"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"£20k - £29,999, £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, GBP"	"KPMG"	"KPMG"	"JS3569_5117626/593093684"	"03/12/2018 16:29:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRXP"	NA	NA	NA
"Cyber Security Architect IT"	"GBP"	"Ermine Business Park, Cambridgeshire"	"Unspecified"	"Cyber Security Architect IT"	"Ermine Business Park, Cambridgeshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Salary- £47,000 - £57,000 As our region flourishes it is our priority to support our economy, customers and communities; driving sustainable growth and building resilience across our services. We recently announced plans to invest £6.5 billion to protect our regions water supplies over the coming years. Our IS team is currently undergoing a transformation which will enhance the services it delivers and ensure they are best positioned to play a proactive and value orientated role across our business. Our goal is to exceed customer expectations whilst embracing new technology to drive digital transformation; better connecting our customers, people, assets and information. As part of this transformation we are recruiting for a number of new and exciting roles within our IS team. What will you be doing? To help us complete exciting and innovative projects and day-to-day to activities, we are looking for a Cyber Security Architect (IT) to ensure our complex set of technologies remain fit for purpose in an ever- changing cyber landscape. Ensuring the technical roadmap for all products is actively managed to understand their replacement strategy, you'll lead the security effort in the adoption of new and higher risks areas such as mobility, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. Key responsibilities include: Create and maintain technical roadmaps for all of our secure technologies.Maintain an awareness of developing new technologies and hold \"Proof of Concepts\" and \"Innovation Labs\" to test and promote new approaches to work.Act as the interface for major programmes ensuring IT strategy is \"secure by design\" and in line with current and future strategy.Lead the planning effort within the Cyber team for large scale programmes ensuring Cyber is considered and implemented to contribute to future enhancements.Perform risk assessments for projects and third party services.Raise security incidents where significant risks are identified.What do you need? As our next Cyber Security Architect, we are looking for you to have broad knowledge of IT, Operational Technology (OT) and Networks to compliment your technical security and architectural framework qualifications. With expert knowledge of cyber security technical controls in a complex and large organisation, you'll understand the difference between IT and OT and have demonstrable experience of commissioning new projects and writing business cases. Able to work operationally and think strategically, you'll be confident of your own ability to run and maintain secure networks whilst being able to convince and persuade others to challenge current processes to implement and suggest improvements. If the opportunity to join an increasingly vital part of our business appeals to your career aspirations, please apply today! What benefits do we offer? Being a successful water company doesn't come easy! Our people are important to us and we want to make sure that we reward and recognise all of the great work that they do. Some of our benefits include: Bonus schemePrivate health careCompetitive pension scheme26 days annual leave rising with length of serviceFlexible benefits to support your wellbeingFlexible working (dependent on your role)Plus lots more!We are passionate and committed to the learning and development of our people making sure they have the right skills and knowledge to be successful and to help achieve their potential. We also take Health and Safety very seriously in everything that we do. If you are offered a job with us, you'll be subject to the relevant/standard employment checks, including: your right to work in the UK, reference, driving licence and identity check. Depending on your role, you may also be subject to further pre-employment checks. Due to the nature of this role, you'll have the opportunity to work from home on occasion. There is also the ability to work from one of our other offices/sites on occasion. Closing date:12 December 2018Interview dates: Early- Mid January 2019 #loveeverydrop "	"Ermine Business Park, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"Energy"	NA	"GBP"	"Anglian Water"	"Anglian Water"	"JS3561_36725452/590495998"	"02/12/2018 09:06:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDwb"	NA	NA	NA
"Manager Strategy and Transformation London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Manager Strategy and Transformation London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A career within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit.ResponsibilitiesAs a Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to Proactively assist in the management of a portfolio of clients, while reporting to Senior Managers and aboveBe involved in the financial management of clientsBe actively involved in business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clientsContribute to the development of your own and team's technical acumenDevelop strategies to solve complex technical challengesAssist in the management and delivering of large projectsTrain, coach, and supervise staffKeep up to date with local and national business and economic issuesContinue to develop internal relationships and your PwC brandYou'll be part of our industry leading, London Top-Tier (LTT) team. Our LTT team provides services to a wide range of FTSE 100 clients from both the public and private sectors.You'll be a key member of our Strategy and Transformation team. The team helps our clients to reduce the risk of project failure and increase the value delivered by projects. With the delivery of business critical transformation and IT programmes becoming more complex and challenging, we're finding the requirement for good programme assurance is stronger than ever before.ResponsibilitiesManaging engagements, working to meet client commitments and expectationsManaging teams, including taking an active role in coaching and developing your team membersBuilding long-term relationships with key individuals/clientsRaising the team's profile externally by expanding the network, including with external bodiesDeveloping existing client relationships and winning new work, including working on proposals and being activity involved in client pitchesWorking to increase awareness of Programme Assurance across the wider PwC businessRequirementsEssential skills, qualifications and experience Experience of large transformation project/programme managementTechnology experience, eg but not limited to SAP, Oracle, Cloud. Mobile App or Artificial IntelligenceSector vertical experience ideally in FTSE100 or Government agenciesLeading management practice experience, eg Agile Project Delivery, PMO Development and Operation, or portfolio managementWell-developed consultant skill set developed in a Big Four firm or boutique project management consultancy or Systems Integrator or industry roleExcellent interpersonal, communication and presentational skillsDesirable skills, qualifications and experience Professional Services organisation experienceBusiness development experienceProject Management qualifications, eg MSP, Prince2, MAPM, MoR, Agile, ScrumFunctional expertise in Enterprise Apps, eg CRM, Billing, SCM, or ERP systemsProject Management qualifications, eg MSP, Prince2, MAPM, MoRData & analytics and/or Cyber expertise"	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"PwC"	"PwC"	"JS23845BR/590809593"	"01/12/2018 13:07:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk2ot"	NA	NA	NA
"Sales Consultant"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Sales Consultant"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Are you an experienced Sales professional with a successful track record, looking for a way to accelerate your career? Join our Sales Accelerate program! The Sales Accelerate program is a 12-month program whereby you will get exclusive access to senior mentors who will inspire and support you to fulfil your potential. We have a clearly defined Sales Model which describes how to be successful and an internationally established Role Framework providing you with a clearly defined development roadmap. You will be given access to a widely blended, up-to-date and easily accessible set of development materials to support you in your growth as a Sales leader.  This is a great opportunity for extraordinary Sales people who are eager to continue to grow towards a leading Sales position in which they can excel and release their full potential!  Essential to Fujitsu's strategy is our vision of human centric innovation. For us this means meeting the challenges of society, industry and humanity through technological advancement. Core to this is our relationship with our customers, with whom we seek deep and long term relationships.  We are looking for creative, motivated and resilient individuals to join our Accelerate program to help us create the next generation of Fujitsu. Crafting shared value and competitive advantage with and for our customers. Key Accountabilities  Co-create innovative solutions: Together with the client, explore and respond to the client's business challenges through innovative use of Fujitsu solutions  Offer unique perspective and insights: Create opportunities to reframe the way the clients view their business, delivering business outcomes for the client and Fujitsu  Winning Business: Drive the momentum and actively advance the purchase decision without rushing the client  Market Strategy: Establish the value proposition and win strategy for all qualified opportunities, craft a closing plan and own role within it  Drive two-way communication: Explore the client's needs, linking their business priorities to Fujitsu's value proposition. Develop a strong influence and coaching network within the client stakeholder group  Competitor Analysis and Business Insight: Maintain a high level of knowledge of products, services, market intelligence and competitive insight. Identify and create a strategy for beating the competition. Provide a barometer of current client needs and work to evolve Fujitsu portfolio and capabilities so that they continue to meet and stimulate customer demand. About Us  Fujitsu is the leading Japanese information and communication technology (ICT) company, offering a full range of technology products, solutions, and services. Approximately 140,000 Fujitsu people support customers in more than 100 countries. We use our experience and the power of ICT to shape the future of society with our customers. Fujitsu Limited (TSE: 6702) reported consolidated revenues of 4.1 trillion yen (US $39 billion) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.   Fujitsu EMEIA promotes a Human Centric Intelligent Society, in which innovation is driven by the integration of people, information and infrastructure. In the Europe, Middle East, India and Africa region (EMEIA), our 28,000-strong workforce is committed to Digital Co-creation, blending business expertise with digital technology and creating new value with ecosystem partners and customers. We enable our customers to digitally transform with connected technology services, focused on Artificial Intelligence, the Internet of Things, and Cloud - all underpinned by Security. Did You Know?  Fujitsu is the world's fifth-largest IT services provider and No.1 in Japan.  Fujitsu is among the world's top five providers of Servers.  Fujitsu has been positioned as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Managed Workplace Services in Europe.  Fujitsu has been positioned as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Data Center Outsourcing and Hybrid Infrastructure Managed Services.  FORTUNE named Fujitsu as one of 'the World's Most Admired Companies' for the fourth consecutive time since 2012.  Fujitsu Group holds about 97,000 patents worldwide. Fujitsu is part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (World), FTSE4Good Index Series, and Oekom research. Flexible Working  We are open to flexible working at Fujitsu and aim to accommodate the needs of our staff with a flexible approach to working hours and locations. Diversity   At Fujitsu we believe in the power of difference to create a better future for everyone. We aim to create an environment where everyone can be themselves and feel able to contribute to the success of the Company. If you are talented, enthusiastic and keen to make a difference you can succeed in our organization. We respect people regardless of their background, ensuring equal opportunities for all. Our policies enable us to reflect today's multi-cultural society and the changing social and economic patterns in the workforce. We welcome applications from disabled candidates and if you have an injury, disability or long term health condition which requires us to make adjustments to allow you to perform to the best of your ability in the recruitment process then please let us know. About you:  Intellectually curious and a thirst for knowledge - interested in cutting edge technology and always seeking out for 'the new' Desire to win and naturally competitive - resilient and driven by an innate motivation to achieve results Understand and support the power of diversity - you apply diverse thinking, appreciate diverse backgrounds, geographies, cultures and gender differences  Able to 'feel' the customer's priorities and concerns through high levels of compassion - use this as a powerful mean of defining the right approach and recalibrating the proposition to maximize the customer relevance  Engaging personality that interacts with high levels of optimism and energy - create Spark, shared ambition and focus within the team  Situationally self-aware - tailor communication style and message to ensure maximum impact on different audiences Track record of success - have a history of successful consultative selling (5-7 years of experience) across different customers in different circumstances, from new name to developed relationships "	"London, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, Consulting"	NA	NA	"Fujitsu."	"Fujitsu."	"JS3569_5114006/589498163"	"29/11/2018 13:42:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjAo"	NA	NA	NA
"Sales Consultant"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Sales Consultant"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Are you an experienced Sales professional with a successful track record, looking for a way to accelerate your career? Join our Sales Accelerate program! The Sales Accelerate program is a 12-month program whereby you will get exclusive access to senior mentors who will inspire and support you to fulfil your potential. We have a clearly defined Sales Model which describes how to be successful and an internationally established Role Framework providing you with a clearly defined development roadmap. You will be given access to a widely blended, up-to-date and easily accessible set of development materials to support you in your growth as a Sales leader.  This is a great opportunity for extraordinary Sales people who are eager to continue to grow towards a leading Sales position in which they can excel and release their full potential!  Essential to Fujitsu's strategy is our vision of human centric innovation. For us this means meeting the challenges of society, industry and humanity through technological advancement. Core to this is our relationship with our customers, with whom we seek deep and long term relationships.  We are looking for creative, motivated and resilient individuals to join our Accelerate program to help us create the next generation of Fujitsu. Crafting shared value and competitive advantage with and for our customers. Key Accountabilities  Co-create innovative solutions: Together with the client, explore and respond to the client's business challenges through innovative use of Fujitsu solutions  Offer unique perspective and insights: Create opportunities to reframe the way the clients view their business, delivering business outcomes for the client and Fujitsu  Winning Business: Drive the momentum and actively advance the purchase decision without rushing the client  Market Strategy: Establish the value proposition and win strategy for all qualified opportunities, craft a closing plan and own role within it  Drive two-way communication: Explore the client's needs, linking their business priorities to Fujitsu's value proposition. Develop a strong influence and coaching network within the client stakeholder group  Competitor Analysis and Business Insight: Maintain a high level of knowledge of products, services, market intelligence and competitive insight. Identify and create a strategy for beating the competition. Provide a barometer of current client needs and work to evolve Fujitsu portfolio and capabilities so that they continue to meet and stimulate customer demand. About Us  Fujitsu is the leading Japanese information and communication technology (ICT) company, offering a full range of technology products, solutions, and services. Approximately 140,000 Fujitsu people support customers in more than 100 countries. We use our experience and the power of ICT to shape the future of society with our customers. Fujitsu Limited (TSE: 6702) reported consolidated revenues of 4.1 trillion yen (US $39 billion) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.   Fujitsu EMEIA promotes a Human Centric Intelligent Society, in which innovation is driven by the integration of people, information and infrastructure. In the Europe, Middle East, India and Africa region (EMEIA), our 28,000-strong workforce is committed to Digital Co-creation, blending business expertise with digital technology and creating new value with ecosystem partners and customers. We enable our customers to digitally transform with connected technology services, focused on Artificial Intelligence, the Internet of Things, and Cloud - all underpinned by Security. Did You Know?  Fujitsu is the world's fifth-largest IT services provider and No.1 in Japan.  Fujitsu is among the world's top five providers of Servers.  Fujitsu has been positioned as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Managed Workplace Services in Europe.  Fujitsu has been positioned as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Data Center Outsourcing and Hybrid Infrastructure Managed Services.  FORTUNE named Fujitsu as one of 'the World's Most Admired Companies' for the fourth consecutive time since 2012.  Fujitsu Group holds about 97,000 patents worldwide. Fujitsu is part of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (World), FTSE4Good Index Series, and Oekom research. Flexible Working  We are open to flexible working at Fujitsu and aim to accommodate the needs of our staff with a flexible approach to working hours and locations. Diversity   At Fujitsu we believe in the power of difference to create a better future for everyone. We aim to create an environment where everyone can be themselves and feel able to contribute to the success of the Company. If you are talented, enthusiastic and keen to make a difference you can succeed in our organization. We respect people regardless of their background, ensuring equal opportunities for all. Our policies enable us to reflect today's multi-cultural society and the changing social and economic patterns in the workforce. We welcome applications from disabled candidates and if you have an injury, disability or long term health condition which requires us to make adjustments to allow you to perform to the best of your ability in the recruitment process then please let us know. About you:  Intellectually curious and a thirst for knowledge - interested in cutting edge technology and always seeking out for 'the new' Desire to win and naturally competitive - resilient and driven by an innate motivation to achieve results Understand and support the power of diversity - you apply diverse thinking, appreciate diverse backgrounds, geographies, cultures and gender differences  Able to 'feel' the customer's priorities and concerns through high levels of compassion - use this as a powerful mean of defining the right approach and recalibrating the proposition to maximize the customer relevance  Engaging personality that interacts with high levels of optimism and energy - create Spark, shared ambition and focus within the team  Situationally self-aware - tailor communication style and message to ensure maximum impact on different audiences Track record of success - have a history of successful consultative selling (5-7 years of experience) across different customers in different circumstances, from new name to developed relationships "	"London, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, Consulting"	NA	NA	"Fujitsu."	"Fujitsu."	"JS3569_5114006/589498163"	"29/11/2018 13:42:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjAo"	NA	NA	NA
