"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"company_summary"	"start_date"	"duration"	"category"
"Artificial Intelligence Engineer"	"£25k - £28k per annum"	"Weston-Super-Mare"	"Permanent"	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer"	"Weston-Super-Mare - £25k - £28k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer -Weston Super mare- £25k-28,000 per year iO Associates are recruiting on behalf of Q-Free, to on board a new Artificial Intelligence Engineer to join a growing team in a matrixed environment. This is a full time, permanent position.Q-Free is a global supplier of class-leading Tolling, Parking, Traffic Management and Connected ITS (C-ITS)/Connected Vehicle solutions. These have a global application and are constantly evolving providing a dynamic product line to work on.The R&D unit is currently a team of five which has open positions to immediately grow to eight. This team will work collaboratively with Q-Free's global design teams.You will gain exposure to the latest technology like Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision and mainly Python as a programming language.The below are requirements you must have in order to be considered:Bachelor or Masters Engineering DegreeData ScienceMachine LearningDeep learningArtificial intelligenceRoboticsPython ProgrammingDesirable, but not essential:Java programming and database knowledgeiO associates are the employment agency providing a shortlist of candidates to Q-Free to be considered. Please apply below or send your CV through to Charles at iO Associates for immediate consideration.The closing date for applications is 03/01/19"	"Weston-Super-Mare, UK"	"IT"	"£25k - £28k per annum"	"IO Associates"	"Charles Hoskins "	"JS-JO0000015559"	"10/12/2018 09:23:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgYV"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Front-end Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Deep Learning"	"£30k - £45k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Front-end Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Deep Learning"	"London - £30k - £45k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We have a fantastic new role for a Front End Developer to join a start-up who is currently venturing into the artificial intelligence and deep learning space.The Front End Developer will have real challenges to solve from working with the team to produce a user interface to building a cutting-edge platform. Requirements for Front End Developer: JavaScriptHTML5, CSSReact, Angular or VuejQueryAny experience with the below is a bonus:Back End frameworksElectronData serialization/deserializationAsynchronous JavaScriptThey are offering benefits such as private life, health, dental and income protection insurance. Monthly team events out, training and development, 25 working days holiday and many more.The successful candidate should have experience with handling data communications between the Front End and Back End.If you are a Front End Developer with the skills above, please apply."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£30k - £45k per annum"	"Oliver Bernard"	"James Crocker "	"JS-3039485"	"06/12/2018 18:13:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlzCF"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA	NA	NA
"Python Developer/Python Engineer - Artificial Intelligence"	"£70k - £90k per annum + Bonus & Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Python Developer/Python Engineer - Artificial Intelligence"	"City of London - £70k - £90k per annum + Bonus & Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	" Python Developer/Python Engineer - Python, Django, REST, React - LondonCompanyPython Developer/Python Engineer wanted! This company are an artificial intelligence, Machine Learning and data science start-up based in the heart of London. They are an energetic team solving complex problems in automation, analytics, and search for large-scale enterprises with a client base that includes some of the biggest names in finance, law and professional services. Their Long-term plan is to direct their capabilities towards social mobility, public health and social enterprise to help address some of the more fundamental issues affecting society today.RoleAs the successful Python Developer and a core member in the team, you will work with a cross functional team of designers, product managers, scientists and fellow Python engineers to deliver fully functional web applications in Python/Django REST/Postgress/JS for an enterprise environment. You will have a voice within the company and give input when it comes to what tools and approach to use on the greenfield projects.BenefitsStrong BonusFlexible working hours1-2 days working from homeWeekly social and sports eventsRegular meetups or brownbag sessionsGaming and sports tournamentsRequirementsStrong experience in Python and Django RESTReact or JavaScript is highly desirableLinux/UnixStrong interest in and commitment to engineering best practicesAn interest in mentoring and supporting junior developers as they progressInterest in machine learning and data scienceIf you consider yourself to be a highly experienced Python Developer/Python Engineer and you're looking for your next role in London, then please apply for this role today by submitting your CV for the chance to interview immediately!Python Developer/Python Engineer - Python, Django, REST, React"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"£70k - £90k per annum + Bonus & Benefits"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Rob Smiley "	"JS-RJSAI"	"12/12/2018 16:25:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm9Gc"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Java Developer"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer  - Artificial Intelligence tech house  - Contribute towards creating tech solutions that go towards solving crime and making the world a safer place!  - Candidates from mid to senior level are encouraged to apply... KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  - Expert in Java development, with upwards of 4-5 years' commercial experience.  - Experience working on large business critical web systems and platforms.  - Strong background in Back End development.  - NICE TO HAVE: Knowledge of containerisation technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker... ROLE SUMMARY:  As Java Developer, you will become an integral part of a small tech house in the Artificial Intelligence domain, who are growing rapidly thanks to commercial success (with their products already being used by a global client base) and outside investment.  This will provide you with an opportunity to work on groundbreaking cloud based software solutions that leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence to help solve high profile crimes on a global level.  We are looking to attract candidates at mid or senior level, you must be an expert in Java with demonstrable commercial experience (ideally 4-5 years' upwards). Preferably your core expertise will be in Back End development, although full stack Developers would also be a valuable addition!  As part of a growing engineering and software team, you will get ample opportunities to grow - ultimately this company is looking for people who can go on to occupy future senior and lead level positions! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 07:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkimX"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Software Tester (Automation)"	"£45k - £60k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Tester (Automation)"	"London - £45k - £60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior Automation Tester  - Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence tech house  - Opportunity to help spearhead a new Test/QA team! KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  - Demonstrable commercial experience in Testing (3-4 years' or more).  - Expertise in Automation Testing and setting up Automation frameworks from scratch.  - Experience as a Tester in a Java development environment. ROLE SUMMARY:  A tech house who devise groundbreaking artificial intelligence solutions, used to carry out video analysis for the purpose of solving high profile crimes on a global level, is looking to form and grow a new Testing and QA team - and are now recruiting for a Test Engineer who may have ambitions of playing a senior/lead role in a team longer term as it grows!  We therefore need a Tester with demonstrable commercial experience (2-3 years' or more), able to work in a fast paced environment with continually changing demands.  You must be highly proficient in automated testing, to the extent of being able to set up Automation frameworks from scratch. Ideally you will have done this in a Java development environment.  In return, you'll be rewarded with the chance to progress your career in an environment where you'll be exposed to a range of cutting edge open source and cloud based technologies, contributing towards artificial intelligence solutions that are helping to make the world a safer place! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£45k - £60k"	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 07:02:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiS8"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Java Developer - Oxford - Leading AI Company!"	"£35k-£47k + benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer - Oxford - Leading AI Company!"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £35k-£47k + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer required for a leading artificial intelligence company working on a greenfield project in Oxford on a permanent basis. Location: Oxford Salary: £35,000-£47,000 + benefits  Essential: Fluency with the Java language and runtime library Quick learner with an ambitious and results driven personality Work well as part of a team in a fast-paced environment Excellent communication and organisational skills Desirable: Knack for patterns and software engineering Experience with compiler architectures, parsers and syntax trees Passion for software engineering, patterns, refactorings C++ knowledge Responsibilities:  We are looking for an experienced Java developer to contribute to the development of our cutting edge program synthesis tool - Diffblue Repair. The work will focus mostly on greenfield development implementing features on top of our core synthesis engine. Projects will include implementing new functionality in our refactoring and repair tool, and researching new important features to implement. Features designed and developed by you will directly influence how programmers will work in the future. Our technology stack consists of a Java program instrumentation component and a C++ core synthesis engine. We have a minimalist approach to using external frameworks, with emphasis on maintainability and fast turnaround with TDD, DDD and Continuous Integration & Delivery. About the company: Diffblue is changing the way software is developed. We build products that have the potential to be used by every software developer in the world. We are automating a lot of repetitive coding tasks in order to make code safer, better, and cheaper to produce, letting developers concentrate on the real challenges. We are an Oxford University spin-off, founded in 2016, and the following year we raised $22 million in Series A investment to support our growth. Benefits: You'll get to work in one of the hottest tech startups in the world of advanced code analysis Free lunch Competitive salary Private health and dental plan 8% pension contribution Generous holiday (25 days) We'll arm you with all of the latest tech equipment "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"£35k-£47k + benefits"	"TechNet IT Recruitment (Permanent)"	"Mollie Powell "	"JS"	"06/12/2018 16:47:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyVb"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"C++ Developer - Oxford - £40,000-£70,000 + benefits"	"£40k-£70k + benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"C++ Developer - Oxford - £40,000-£70,000 + benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £40k-£70k + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"C++ Developer required for a leading artificial intelligence company working on a Greenfield project in Oxford on a permanent basis. Location: Oxford Salary: £40,000-£70,000 + benefits  Essential: Independently implement and test C++ modules Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation Efficiently express new algorithms devised by the research team in C++ Liaise with research engineers to discuss required features Quick learner with an ambitious and results driven personality Work well as part of a team in a fast-paced environment Excellent communication and organisational skills Desirable: Knack for patterns and software engineering Experience with compiler architectures, parsers and syntax trees Passion for software engineering, patterns, refactoring's Proven experience in contributing to large C++ projects About the role: We are looking for an experienced C++ developer to contribute to the development of our cutting edge automated reasoning engine. The work will be a combination of Greenfield development and optimizing and extending or open source project CBMC. We have a minimalist approach to using external frameworks, with emphasis on maintainability and fast turnaround with TDD, DDD and Continuous Integration & Delivery. Benefits: You'll get to work in one of the hottest tech start-ups in the world of advanced code analysis Free lunch Competitive salary Private health and dental plan 8% pension contribution Generous holiday (25 days) We'll arm you with all of the latest tech equipment "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"£40k-£70k + benefits"	"TechNet IT Recruitment (Permanent)"	"Mollie Powell "	"JS"	"12/12/2018 09:41:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4p7"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior/Junior - Full Stack Javascript Developer - AI, ML"	"£40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior/Junior - Full Stack Javascript Developer - AI, ML"	"London - £40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Javascript (Node.js/React), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's, Angular An exciting opportunity  To work at an extremely well-funded Start-up, utilising artificial intelligence and machine learning, with a track record of commercial success. This company offers highly flexible working hours; equity options and are looking for energetic and entrepreneurial people with 3+ years of commercial software development experience with some of the following - Javascript (Node.js/React/Angular), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's - to build a suite of applications. They are looking for somebody who can cover all stages of the development pipeline. Day to Day You will work in a small team of professional form varying disciplines taking responsibility for products and features. Building important products ranging from elegant dashboards to interfaces which interact with ML prediction modules. Improve your coding skills through support from an extensive code review, CI and thorough testing. There are remote working opportunities and they provide a flexible working schedule. Experience and Exposure 3+ years of experience developing software commercially. Ability to learn and pick up new skills, frameworks and technologies eg Javascript (Node.js/React/Angular), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's. Working with teams in a collaborative fashion brainstorming to solve problems and supporting weaker members of the team to improve overall results. Desired Skills/Exposure  Exposure to IOT technologies. AI, ML or GPU Technologies. Commercial exposure to the transport sector. Management experience."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"Optima Connections"	"Jim Smart "	"JSFULLSTACKDEV4"	"10/12/2018 11:17:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhXR"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Full Stack Engineer"	""	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Senior Full Stack Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Who is AMPLYFI? AMPLYFI is an artificial intelligence and advanced data analytics company headquartered in the Welsh capital. Our flagship platform, DataVoyant, is a game-changer in the sphere of business intelligence, informing organisations of global market trends, technology advances and emerging business disrupters to maintain their competitive advantage. It is a deep learning powered bridge between data scientists and Business Intelligence teams. We're based right in the heart of Cardiff, in Tramshed Tech - a funky co-working space for the creative and tech industry that's less than a five-minute walk from central station. We have the best of both worlds with our own large office space, as well as access to the co-working space, giving us endless opportunity to network with other cutting-edge companies and attend events and meet-ups. The AMPLYFI Team We're all about the team - it's super important to us that everyone gets on and enjoys working with each other. We like each other so much, that we even spend some of our evenings and weekend hanging out. Whether that's going to the cinema, playing beach volleyball or just grabbing a cheeky beer or two. One of our co-founders has proudly built an office bar that is always stocked with a great selection of ales, beers, ciders and wine! We're a pretty autonomous bunch, with a flat structure and a flexible approach to how we work. We encourage creativity and welcome people to share new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact. We're doing industry-shaking work so out of the box thinking is essential. We don't have a dress code and we have a flexible approach to work hours so you can be yourself and perform at your best. You should know that we are big dog fans with a resident pooch, Milo. As acting Head of Cuddles, he's always on hand to give you some affection and a boost when you need it. Working as part of AMPLYFI's software engineering team. We're developing software, tools and techniques to harvest huge quantities of data from the surface and deep web, process that data at scale to extract features and then feed those corpuses into our Machine Learning platform to identify emerging technologies, the companies behind them and how that fits into a global landscape.As a Senior Full Stack Software Engineer you will have, or build an understanding of the whole stack. You'll be involved in searching and harvesting the web at scale, document feature extraction, through to delivering new and exciting insights to our customers via our SAAS offerings. Software - Modern JavaScript, C# .NET Core 2, Python 3, Angular 6, TypeScriptStack - AWS, CDNs, Serverless, Message Queues, ElasticSearch Who are you? Have a number of years' experience in the joys and pain of production systems, preferably at scale. Knowledge of a number of programming languages, with a strong sense of the right, and the wrong, way of engineering things. You actively work to encourage and educate less experienced team members. You must be a forward thinker that can bring new ideas to the table. Have the enthusiasm and a flair for troubleshooting and problem solving. Pride and accuracy in everything you do. Ability to deliver to deadlines. If you would like to hear more on why AMPLYFI is an exceptional place to work, please get in touch with Chloe Murray, Talent Manager, today. "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Talentbe - Amplyfi"	"Chloe Murray"	"JS"	"10/12/2018 07:05:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi22s"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Software Engineer"	""	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Who is AMPLYFI? AMPLYFI is an artificial intelligence and advanced data analytics company headquartered in the Welsh capital. Our flagship platform, DataVoyant, is a game-changer in the sphere of business intelligence, informing organisations of global market trends, technology advances and emerging business disrupters to maintain their competitive advantage. It is a deep learning powered bridge between data scientists and Business Intelligence teams. We're based right in the heart of Cardiff, in Tramshed Tech - a funky co-working space for the creative and tech industry that's less than a five-minute walk from central station. We have the best of both worlds with our own large office space, as well as access to the co-working space, giving us endless opportunity to network with other cutting-edge companies and attend events and meet-ups. The AMPLYFI Team We're all about the team - it's super important to us that everyone gets on and enjoys working with each other. We like each other so much, that we even spend some of our evenings and weekend hanging out. Whether that's going to the cinema, playing beach volleyball or just grabbing a cheeky beer or two. One of our co-founders has proudly built an office bar that is always stocked with a great selection of ales, beers, ciders and wine! We're a pretty autonomous bunch, with a flat structure and a flexible approach to how we work. We encourage creativity and welcome people to share new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact. We're doing industry-shaking work so out of the box thinking is essential. We don't have a dress code and we have a flexible approach to work hours so you can be yourself and perform at your best. You should know that we are big dog fans with a resident pooch, Milo. As acting Head of Cuddles, he's always on hand to give you some affection and a boost when you need it. Working as part of AMPLYFI's software engineering team. We're developing software, tools and techniques to harvest huge quantities of data from the surface and deep web, process that data at scale to extract features and then feed those corpuses into our Machine Learning platform to identify emerging technologies, the companies behind them and how that fits into a global landscape. As a Senior Software Engineer you will have, or build an understanding of the whole stack, from web harvesting at scale, feature extraction, Machine Learning and delivering new and exciting insights to our customers. Software - C# .NET Core 2, Python 3, Angular 6, TypeScript Stack - AWS, Serverless, Message Queues, ElasticSearch Who are you? Have a number of years' experience in the joys and pain of production systems, preferably at scale. Knowledge of a number of programming languages, with a strong sense of the right, and the wrong, way of engineering things. You actively work to encourage and educate less experienced team members. You must be a forward thinker that can bring new ideas to the table. Have the enthusiasm and a flair for troubleshooting and problem solving. Pride and accuracy in everything you do. Ability to deliver to deadlines. If you would like to hear more on why AMPLYFI is an exceptional place to work, please contact Chloe Murray, Talent Manager, today. "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Talentbe - Amplyfi"	"Chloe Murray"	"JS"	"10/12/2018 07:05:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi22Q"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Technical Product Owner/Engineer - Leading financial services"	"£70k - £87k per annum + benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Technical Product Owner/Engineer - Leading financial services"	"London - £70k - £87k per annum + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Technical Product Owner/Engineer - Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Automation, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Flink, Pig, AWS, Azure, GCP, Java, PythonMy leading financial services client is in the process of going through huge technology transformation and needs to make a strategic hire in order to help driven this change. Sitting within the Chief Data Office this technical Product Owner/Engineer will be responsible for the build out of a new strategic Big Data platform and assist with its global roll-out and develop the platforms blockchain/cloud-based functionality whilst ensuring the Data Solutions Development and Delivery is continue to be a main focus and improved. The successful individual will be responsible for the roadmap for development, managing a small team of developers and help scale agile across the group whilst leading the solution design helping with all design, development and support issues. There are a couple of main criteria here:Strong engineering background (any OO language will be beneficial here)The platform will be centred around big data, cloud elasticity, Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence and need a heavy automation presence. Any experience with the above will be idealStrong Big Data experience coupled with a passion for new technology. Being able to effectively communicated technology change and help drive it from a Big Data perspectiveCloud based experience (AWS ideally) - any cloud based experience would be beneficialHands on experience with Apache Spark, Hadoop or Flink are important with be critical hereA passion for technology!For more information please do not hesitate to contact meTechnical Product Owner/Engineer - Leading financial services providerTechnical Product Owner/Engineer - Big Data Analytics, Cloud, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Automation, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Flink, Pig, AWS, Azure, GCP, Java, Python"	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance, Sales and Marketing"	"£70k - £87k per annum + benefits"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Sam Brewer "	"JS-SB - 0663"	"11/12/2018 09:42:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gms7A"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Product Owner HR People Data Science Manager Finance London"	"£70k - £95k per annum + 25% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Product Owner HR People Data Science Manager Finance London"	"London - £70k - £95k per annum + 25% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Product Manager (HR People Data Analytics MI Management Information BI Business Intelligence Product Manager Business Analyst Owner Finance Banking Data Science Artificial Intelligence Contract) required by our banking client in London.You MUST have the following experience:Product Owner/Product Manager/Lead Business Analyst for HR People Data Analytics in a corporate organisationExtensive experience gathering requirements for and dictating the strategy for HR Analytics tools, dashboards and reporting applicationsA thorough understanding of data science techniques and capabilitiesA keen interest and demonstrable activity in keeping up to date with the data science and artificial intelligence communityThe following is DESIRABLE, not essential:Delivery of HR data/MI/BI solutions to more than one corporate institutionBanking or financeRole: Product Manager (HR People Data Analytics MI Management Information BI Business Intelligence Product Manager Business Analyst Owner Finance Banking Data Science Artificial Intelligence Contract) required by our banking client in London. You will be assigned to a team of 11 Data Analysts and Engineers that create HR/People metrics for 2000 staff. The team has already created a series of dashboards and data science solutions to report on diversity, headcount and attrition. You will join the team to engage with senior stakeholders from the business and HR executive committee to generate a road map for the solutions in this area. You will bring your own experience in HR/People Analytics and knowledge of data science and artificial intelligence (AI).Experience in banking is not required, making this an excellent opportunity to enter into the sector. The ideal candidate would have delivered comparable solutions to a number of different corporate organisations.This role is not technical, however, you will have strong experience working with Business Intelligence developers, MI and data analysts. Of fundamental importance, is the ability to collaborate and work with the business to understand their needs and educate them on the capabilities of the data science space.Salary: £70k - £95k + 25% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance, HR"	"£70k - £95k per annum + 25% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"Joseph Harry Ltd"	"Anthony Russell "	"JS-HRPO"	"10/12/2018 09:47:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmgmy"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Product Owner HR People Data Analytics Manager Finance London"	""	"London"	"Contract"	"Product Owner HR People Data Analytics Manager Finance London"	"London"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Product Manager (HR People Data Analytics MI Management Information BI Business Intelligence Product Manager Business Analyst Owner Finance Banking Data Science Artificial Intelligence Contract) required by our banking client in London.You MUST have the following experience:Product Owner/Product Manager/Lead Business Analyst for HR People Data Analytics in a corporate organisationExtensive experience gathering requirements for and dictating the strategy for HR Analytics tools, dashboards and reporting applicationsA thorough understanding of data science techniques and capabilitiesA keen interest and demonstrable activity in keeping up to date with the data science and artificial intelligence communityThe following is DESIRABLE, not essential:Delivery of HR data/MI/BI solutions to more than one corporate institutionBanking or financeRole: Product Manager (HR People Data Analytics MI Management Information BI Business Intelligence Product Manager Business Analyst Owner Finance Banking Data Science Artificial Intelligence Contract) required by our banking client in London. You will be assigned to a team of 11 Data Analysts and Engineers that create HR/People metrics for 2000 staff. The team has already created a series of dashboards and data science solutions to report on diversity, headcount and attrition. You will join the team to engage with senior stakeholders from the business and HR executive committee to generate a road map for the solutions in this area. You will bring your own experience in HR/People Analytics and knowledge of data science and artificial intelligence (AI).Experience in banking is not required, making this an excellent opportunity to enter into the sector. The ideal candidate would have delivered comparable solutions to a number of different corporate organisations.This role is not technical, however, you will have strong experience working with Business Intelligence developers, MI and data analysts. Of fundamental importance, is the ability to collaborate and work with the business to understand their needs and educate them on the capabilities of the data science space.Duration: 6-12 monthsRate: £Excellent"	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance"	NA	"Joseph Harry Ltd"	"Anthony Russell "	"JS-HRPO"	"10/12/2018 09:45:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmglR"	NA	"ASAP"	"6-12 months"	NA
"Senior Java Developer"	"£60k-70k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Java Developer"	"London - £60k-70k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"I have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Java Developer to work for a cutting-edge artificial intelligence software. As part of the enterprise's growth plans, they are recruiting senior professionals, with strong Java development experience who can demonstrate they can pick up new concepts quickly. The engineering team is a vibrant and ambitious and is responsible for driving the business product portfolio forward. What will you be working on? The Senior Java Developer will play a key role in leading deliverables across our teams and mentoring less experienced developers through best-practices. As a developer, you will be working on writing performance critical code which sets the foundation of the application, as well as infrastructure and related tools. Technical stack, including Scala/Java 8 (AKKA, Spark, Lucene), SBT, TDD REST Services and tools such as IntelliJ, Git, Jenkins, YouTrack, and Docker. Key Responsibilities Ability to take ownership and see a project through the full SDLC and production maintenance Work directly with engineering managers to help deliver the product roadmap Learn about the company's products, the technology within them and taking a lead on the development of new features and bug fixing.  Coordinate and prioritize work Working with product managers to spec out new features Architect, implement and deliver quality software into an externally facing client product Ability to shift gears and work effectively in an agile environment Adhere to good development practices and promote these within the company and teams. Requirements  Ability to be a leader, a coach and to mentor less-experienced developers. Experience in Java, Design Patterns, Test-driven development  Java frameworks for inversion of control (IOC) and object-relational mapping (ORM), Concurrent and distributed system design  Experience working in an agile environment Experience Consuming and designing RESTful interfaces A good graduate degree (or equivalent) and the right to live and work in the UK Experience in large-scale data processing and/or Search systems (Apache Solr, ElasticSearch) is an advantage but not essential "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£60k-70k"	"Picture More Ltd"	"Jon Lewis"	"JS14341"	"12/12/2018 12:46:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpPc"	NA	"January 2018"	NA	"Executive"
"Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS"	"£20-45k + Excellent Benefits"	"Maidstone, Kent, ME15"	"Permanent"	"Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS"	"Maidstone, Kent, ME15 - £20-45k + Excellent Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS Overview: Firemind are a leading tech consultancy specialising in chat and voice bots, machine learning, IoT, artificial intelligence, blockchain, and EAS, app, and web development. It is a fast paced working environment where employees are exposed to bleeding edge technologies.  Role & Responsibilities: Candidates must be self-starters, digitally motivated, and be able to manage their own time. Essential Skills & Experience:  Javascript ES7+   React/Angular 1 and 2+/jQuery/vanilla   Webpack   AWS   Desirable:  Be able to complete JavaScript-tests   Package:  £20 - £45k    Great bonuses including a new phone every Xmas    Manage your own time    Great equipment    Treated like a grown up    Fortnite and Call of Duty matches    Chill office with cake, music, big TV sports, nerf guns    Get paid training   Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS"	"Maidstone, Kent, ME15, UK"	"IT"	"£20-45k + Excellent Benefits"	"IntecSelect"	"Stuart Kennedy"	"JS/SK/GFSD"	"06/12/2018 14:18:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glxc2"	"About IntecSelectwww.intecselect.comIntec Select is a leading specialist IT Recruitment Consultancy which delivers bespoke recruitment services to some of the world’s leading organisations.With 20 years’ experience in IT Recruitment, Intec Select was founded on a wealth of experience and high-level, highly regarded expertise. We have built and established long-term relationships with our clients by delivering a quality service at competitive prices. As a trusted advisor to our clients we fully understand not just their technical requirements but also the right team fit for their environment. Each client is allocated an account manager from our team of dedicated consultants, each having a wealth of practical experience within the IT recruitment sector.Our focus is to supply clients with highly skilled staff, on a permanent and temporary basis, throughout the UK and internationally.Specialist sectors;DevelopmentTestingRDBMS Admin & DesignCloudDesktop, Infrastructure & Networking SupportBusiness Analysis, Project & Program ManagementBusiness Intelligence & Management InformationSenior Appointments CIO, IT Directors etc.UNIX SystemsCyber SecurityERP, ERM & CRM SystemsIT Governance & Risk"	"ASAP"	NA	"Graduate"
"Senior Systems Administrator (move towards DevOps)"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Systems Administrator (move towards DevOps)"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior/Lead Systems Administrator - progress into DevOps!  - Opportunity for an experienced SysAdmin looking to get more into DevOps.  - Artificial Intelligence tech house devising cloud solutions that help to prevent crime and save lives! KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE NEEDED:  - Demonstrable experience in Systems Administration in a Linux environment.  - Strong networking knowledge.  - Ideally DevOps experience, although the role could suit somebody looking to gain further experience in this.  - A preference and passion for working with cutting edge open source tech!  - Some of the following would also be advantageous: Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Python Scripting, AWS, Jenkins... ROLE SUMMARY:  A rapidly growing tech house in the artificial intelligence domain, with an internationally successful product set, is about to launch a new range of products and is therefore seeking a Lead SysAdmin/DevOps Engineer as a result of growth.  You will be working on cloud platforms that support state of the art AI solutions, and contribute towards solving high profile crimes globally, with clients including law enforcement and police departments across various countries.  You will need to be a highly experienced Systems Administrator/Infrastructure Engineer, capable of occupying a lead/senior role and taking full ownership of projects from end to end within a small team. Linux expertise is required, and ideally some DevOps experience or at least a desire to move further in this direction!  In addition, you will need to be well versed in delivering cloud based solutions, and ideally have a passion for working with exciting open source tech! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 07:02:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiaQ"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	""	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst, Data, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeDue to rapid growth this high flying software house with a sound grounding in artificial intelligence and machine learning is looking for another talented individual to join their diverse team. The team that they have backing them are true experts in building and growing cutting edge technology companies taking them to new heights.It is certainly an exciting time to be joining them.The skills that we are looking for is someone that has proven experience in writing rules ideally in technology with a finance/banking background that can comprehend complex client requirements, must have solid experience working with complex data and analysing this, up to date in producing documentation that is line with different regulations/audit requirements, the ability to use data manipulation with an understanding of databases such as SQL, directly working on customers requirements and used to presenting to others.Due to the nature of the role it requires someone to be analytically minded.A degree is not required but any supporting qualification would be welcomed especially from financial backgrounds.The Product Delivery Consultant role will give you plenty of different tasks to be getting involved with: acting as the industry expert, working closely with clients to understand their needs so that the correct rules and data are acquired, learning a deeper understanding of the rules, being a consultant of behalf of the company, assisting the internal team and other departments to understand different patterns and coach team members.This is a far cry from your usual opportunity and software house.Vibrant energetic team, excellent location, competitive salary and more perks than you can probably think of.We are excited by this client and we think you will be too.Sound interesting?Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employer.Keywords - Analyst, Banking, Finance, Cambridge, SQL, DatabasesModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer. By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Cambridge, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154828"	"10/12/2018 14:30:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmiKm"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Graduate Operations Software Engineer - graduate"	"£25,000 - £30,000"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Operations Software Engineer - graduate"	"Cambridge - £25,000 - £30,000"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Operations Software Engineer - Mathematics, Physics, Science, Computing, £25,000 - £30,000 (depending on experience) + Benefits, CambridgeA leading organisation within the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning with a proven track record making remarkable discoveries have created an opening for a graduate operations software engineer to join their academic and cutting edge team. The company are probably one of the most advanced technology companies in the UK and have a bunch of cool awards to prove this not too mention lead by a top class tech team.The type of candidate we are hoping to speak to will have graduated from a top university holding at least a 2.1 or better in mathematics, physics, science, computing or something similar with strong A-level grades, some exposure to using Linux, working with web development/applications, excellent problem solver with a curious mind-set, able to look at complex problems from different angles, if you have used Object Orientated programming this would be advantageous as would as understanding of MySQL/Database systems.An analytical mind-set with a thirst for learning is needed, we would please ask for as much detail on your CV as possible please.The team are supportive and passionate about technology; you will be joining some other very bright academics who like to get stuck into their work, developing and working on the company's internal system, ensuring features are correct, using web based technologies and supporting internal applications.Modern offices, cool company outings, supportive team and learning from some of the smartest minds in technology who are well versed in giving bright graduates a rewarding career.This intelligent software house have already achieved more than most other technology companies out there in less time.We hope this has caught your interest so far?Feel free to call us or just apply via the link!Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis are operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords: Graduate, Cambridge, Software, Engineer, Mathematics, Computing, Science, Physics, Linux, PHP, SQL, Web, ProgrammingModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"£25,000 - £30,000"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1152741"	"10/12/2018 14:06:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmh0Z"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"Data Scientist - London"	"£60k - £85k"	"South, England"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - London"	"South, England - £60k - £85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Love to problem solve? Experienced in Machine Learning, Algorithms? Want to be involved in industry disruptive technologies. Be-ITs client is building Artificial Intelligence focussed on optimising large-scale project delivery. They are changing the consulting industry and need passionate and experienced people to join them. Our clients customer-facing teams provide consultancy support to a range of different clients on all aspects of data from Cradle through to grave. They work mainly, but not exclusively, in the Financial Services sector and their clients call on them to deliver the most challenging assignments going. Theyre proud of the outstanding work they deliver to their clients and aim to significantly exceed client expectations on each project they undertake. Data Science is a core part of their customer-facing work, with previous and current Data Science engagements including: Using Data Science to diagnose the reasons for under-performance in a client product portfolio, along with remediation actions required to address this shortfall; Developing novel applications of Data Science to help better understand the clients Customers, Markets, Products and Competitors; Developing Machine Learning algorithms and tools to help improve client data quality and data consistency; Using Machine Learning to improve the delivery of a large portfolio of client projects; Using Data Science to help detect fraud and ensure compliance with Anti Money Laundering obligations; Design, build, delivery and operation of Data Science innovation laboratories, including provision of interim specialist resources to help embed the new labs. For all their roles, it is essential for you to have a minimum of 3 years hands-on experience of undertaking Data Science in a commercial or applied RD environment and that you are comfortable working on client sites as part of an Embedded team. You must also have excellent client-handling skills, be a fluent communicator in written and spoken English and be able to work with a diverse range of client staff from recent graduates through to senior management. Their hands-on Data Scientists are highly skilled at deriving insight from large, complex, data sets using a range of different platforms and technologies. They work in languages such as R and Python and work with both structured and unstructured data sets. Normally, their Data Scientists work as part of a multi-disciplinary, agile, team that also includes Business Analysts, Data Engineers and Data Visualisation SMEs. Their strategic Data Science role holders must also be able to undertake hands-on Data Science investigations but, in addition, must have direct experience of designing, building and/or operating a Data Science service, such as a laboratory or similar team/capability. These roles often involve liaison with very senior client stakeholders and require exceptional strategy and technology foresight skills. You will normally have a minimum of 8-10 years experience in Data Science to be considered, although this is not an essential requirement of the post. It is, however, an essential requirement that you have previously worked on at least one Data Science capability definition/delivery project, as outlined above. Please note also that you must be willing to work up to 4 days per week on one or more of our clients sites as part of this role and we are not able to guarantee from the outset at which client site you will be based. We will, of course, do all we can to locate our staff in their preferred location(s), but you must be prepared to travel to, and work, in UK locations. Essential requirements 3 years hands-on Data Science experience in a commercial environment (for all customer-facing roles) Broad understanding and experience of ML and AI principles (key assumptions and benefits of ML and AI; algorithm types; experiment design; limitations of ML and AI etc) Confident ML software coding skills (preferably in Python, R and SQL) Demonstrable hands-on experience with ML libraries (such as scikitlearn and/or TensorFlow) Strong in statistical data analysis (eg for data visualisation, data insights and feature engineering) Passion for Data Science, actively seeking out opportunities for learning and development. Confident in working autonomously and as part of a multidisciplinary team Fluent communicator in both written and spoken English, with an engaging personality and a professional, yet approachable, style Excellent presentation and report-writing skills Strong client-handling skills, able to deal maturely with client requests and challenges A Masters degree in maths, physics, computer science or other highly numerate discipline from a leading university In-depth experience in one or more of the following areas: Machine Learning/Deep Learning Information retrieval Text mining Neural networks Bayesian models Graph theory Natural language processing (NLP) Recommendation engines If you are interested in finding out more about this position please apply online. "	"South, England, UK"	"IT"	"£60k - £85k"	"Be-IT Resourcing"	"Alastair Philp"	"JS"	"11/12/2018 10:56:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmtZm"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)We are seeking a Systems or DevOps Engineer with experience of complex Linux environments to work for one of the most exciting companies in the UK building artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicle technologies!As the DevOps Engineer you will have the opportunity to work with a team building next generation autonomous vehicle technologies using AI and Computer Vision to change the way we travel. You will be part of the wider DevOps team, focussed on improving CI, deployment process and cloud systems utilising modern automation and container tooling.Skills required for the DevOps Engineer;Worked within complex, scalable Linux environmentsBroad technical knowledge which could include Scripting or development languages and Continuous Integration (CI) tooling and methodsExposure to Docker, Kubernetes or cloud technology (AWS) would be very beneficial DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)Salary: £60,000 - £70,000 plus shares and great benefitsLocation: Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Lynch "	"JS-MW-SSDO"	"09/12/2018 14:00:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT6I"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Scala Engineer - Blockchain - Distributed Systems"	"£600 - £700 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Senior Scala Engineer - Blockchain - Distributed Systems"	"City of London - £600 - £700 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Senior Scala Engineer - Blockchain - Contract We are partnered with a brand new client of ours, who are looking for Scala Engineers to build the first of it's kind, next generation Blockchain/Artificial Intelligence platform. There is no-one who has ever done this on the market before. Some key points of the role -- Working on a really challenging distributed systems engineering project- Have the chance to engineer an innovative distributed ledger technologyTechnical StackAt Least 3+ years commercial Scala Experience.A keen interest in distributed systems engineering.Comfortable taking on DevOps tasks when needed.KafkaMongoDBKubernetes/DockerContinous Deployment Knowledge of Cloud infrastructureLocation - City of London"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"£600 - £700 per Day"	"Oliver Bernard"	"James Egan "	"JS-LKDK4"	"12/12/2018 08:33:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm370"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA	"6 - 12 months"	NA
"Global Marketing Manager - London - £40,000 - £50,000"	"£40k - £50k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Global Marketing Manager - London - £40,000 - £50,000"	"London - £40k - £50k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Global Marketing Manager - London - £40,000 - £50,000 Lynx recruitment is working with an exciting start up who specialise within data optimization, Cloud and Artificial Intelligence. They are on the look out for a Global Marketing Manager to be based in their office near Paddington (London).The Global Marketing Manager is responsible for developing and executing on B2B marketing programs for each of my clients territories (US, Canada, UK and Europe) across their entire portfolio. You will report into the CMO, work with the marketing team and interact directly with the Head of Sales, territory leads and sales teams. You will be expected to be creative and propose new campaigns, present ideas for improvements to current processes, create excellent written content, manage events (paid and owned), partners and suppliers and report on all activities' successes. Your skills and competencies- A Bachelor's Degree- Experience in B2B tech marketing, with at least 2 years directly managing content marketing and brand awareness campaigns- Proven ability to lead own area of responsibility and deliver quantifiable results- Excellent copywriting skills- Full understanding of PESO channels and their appropriate use- Proficient in Google Analytics & AdWords, HubSpot (or other mainstream marketing automation platform), Wordpress (or other similar CMS) and MailChimp (or other mainstream email marketing platform) If this Global Marketing Manager role is of interest then please apply!"	"London, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	"£40k - £50k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Bradley Parker"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 16:13:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyF1"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Junior IT Helpdesk Support Engineer - Degree, Windows, Support"	"Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Junior IT Helpdesk Support Engineer - Degree, Windows, Support"	"City of London - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Junior IT Helpdesk Support Engineer - Degree, Windows, Support, £competitive + Benefits, Central LondonA remarkable opportunity to join one of the UK's leading machine learning and artificial intelligence software houses who has risen above most of their competitors in the same space. They are true pioneers combining mathematics with cutting edge technologies and there is no doubt that they are here to stay.An opportunity not to be missed out on.Your skills as a Junior IT Helpdesk Support Engineer:-Degree educated in computing, information technology, mathematics, engineering, physics, network security or something related.-Must have excellent customer service skills and a confident communicator.-Perhaps you have worked within a 1st line/Helpdesk/Service desk capacity or something similar.-Technologies that you may have used could include operating systems such as MacOS, Linux, and Windows. -An understanding of networking principles Firewalls and Switches.- Basic PC Hardware troubleshooting capabilities.-Knowledge of Active Directory/Microsoft Exchange would be beneficial.-If you are a graduate looking to start a career in this field please feel free to apply.The role would suit someone that likes to be kept busy and is not afraid to roll up their sleeves, Desktop Support, working with third parties, providing support via email, remote support and over the phone, first line support for different offices and potentially some project work at a later date too.Prestige offices, central location, learning off some of the brightest in the industry, excellent Christmas dues and the chance to join a premier artificial intelligence software company.Sound good to you?Just apply via the link!Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis are operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords: Graduate, Junior, IT, Helpdesk, MacOS, Linux, Windows, Firewalls, Switches, Technologies, PC, Hardware, Exchange, DegreeModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154660"	"10/12/2018 11:48:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmhc2"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	"Graduate"
"Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant, Degree, Mathematics, Computing"	"Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant, Degree, Mathematics, Computing"	"City of London - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant, Degree, Mathematics, Computing, Science, £depending on experience + benefits, Central LondonThis leading software house who is an expert in use of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence has created a rewarding opening for a Fintech Pre - Sales Consultant. Gifted in the use of analytics their growth has excelled year on year. They have become one of the Fintech companies to watch out for.What are we looking for in you?-Outstanding communication skills both written and verbally, confident speaking to people from a wide audience.-Solid academic background holding a 2.1 or better ideally in a computing, mathematical, engineering, science, physics but other subjects would not be ruled out. -Competent technical awareness in pre/post sales capacity, understanding of cloud computing, operating systems, networking or engineering and a grasp of machine learning would not go unnoticed but this is not essential. -Strong business acumen, excellent presentation skills and well versed in consulting with technical clients. -Happy to travel on behalf of the company.Your role as a Fintech Pre-sales Consultant:-Writing proposals, presenting and stakeholder management.-Being seen as a trusted advisor and maintain strong relationships.-Liaising between the technical teams and commercial side of the business.-Designing solutions for clients, attend conferences and providing demonstrations. Prestige offices, great benefits and a rewarding future with a company that is at the very heart of cutting edge technology.Feel free to apply via the link or give us a call.Please note we are on the suppliers list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis are operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Technology, Consultant, London, Cloud, Degree, Computing, Physics, Mathematical, Science, Engineering, FintechModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information."	"City of London, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1150560"	"10/12/2018 14:35:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmiPb"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Python Developer - contract"	"£400 - £500 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Python Developer - contract"	"London - £400 - £500 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Python Developer  £400 - £500 per day6 monthsLondonFantastic contract opportunity for a dynamic Python Developer to come on board at a Global End User Company and work on an exciting Artificial Intelligence project to build a chat bot framework.As a Python Developer you will:Deliver containerized user driven Python code in an enterprise environment to serve data up to services and frontends.Setting up production environmentsImplementation of and consulting on best practicesEncapsulation of connections to data sourcesSkills & experience:Python developmentFlux library experience - must have worked in an AI type project (specifically with rest API's)Docker containerisation experienceDevOps experienceMicroservice architecture, design, and standard methodologies with an eye towards scale.Building and debugging highly scalable performant systems."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£400 - £500 per Day"	"Careerwise"	"Francesco De Carlo "	"JS-0000005588"	"12/12/2018 13:38:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm6zo"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months +"	NA
"Data Architect - £90000 package - North West or Midlands - New"	"£75k + Benefits"	"Manchester, North West"	"Permanent"	"Data Architect - £90000 package - North West or Midlands - New"	"Manchester, North West - £75k + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Data Architect - £90000 package - North West or Midlands - New The world of Data is allowing the connected world to realise its position within the modern world. Be it Artificial Intelligence, RPA, IoT and Smart Devices. Smart Co Consulting is currently helping position Data Architect professionals to help the Largest Secure Data Network Infrastructure in Europe. Our leading edge facility is a key delivery partner in an energy industry wide transformation programme to centralise Energy Registration Systems and facilitate the introduction of reliable next day switching for the consumer. This will finally allow the network to truly be competitive and real -time to a consumer network that's has been working within estimated billing for far too long. By being able to move suppliers Next day' the opportunities for change will be endless. Data and Connected Homes will finally be realised and IoT for the home will also have a secure government run network to hook into. This project will have multiple work streams with hundreds of nationwide stakeholders. You will be working in a team that is both high profile and highly technical. Skills:  TOGAF, BCS, ESA  Proven track record of successful business systems development in a wide variety of projects roles, including stakeholder and industry engagement.  Proven experience in the application of data definition standards eg: ISO/IEC 11179 and data integration standards eg OAGIS  In-depth understanding of the management of data quality, obtained in a number of organisations applying differing forms of data governance.  Awareness of security and information assurance concerns as apply to data.  Helping external stakeholders to realise their potential with regards to Data Architecture.  Experienced in applying Architecture tools and methods eg UML, Casewise, ABACUS Desirable:  Existing/established relationships with Regulatory bodies and Industry representatives  Any knowledge of Smart Energy, OFGEM, Smart Energy or IoT Overall an excellent high profile Data Architect positions that will achieve market leader status for the successful Data Professional."	"Manchester, North West, UK"	"IT"	"£75k + Benefits"	"Smart Co Consulting Limited"	"Lloyd Norman "	"JS/277716"	"10/12/2018 09:35:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgcK"	NA	"Immediate "	NA	"Executive"
"Embedded Software Developer - Robotic Systems"	"Up to £40k per annum"	"St. Albans"	"Permanent"	"Embedded Software Developer - Robotic Systems"	"St. Albans - Up to £40k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Embedded Software Developer - Robotic SystemsEmbedded Software Developer - Help design and develop Embedded software used in a highly automated environment. As an Embedded Software Developer, you will work on cutting edge robotics, advanced sensors and artificial intelligence.We are looking for an Embedded Software Developer who can display the following attributes:*Strong Experience with Object Orientated C.*Good understanding of Embedded SoC architectures (Eg. ARM Cortex).*Strong Knowledge of STM32.*Understanding of build system design.Working with us an Embedded Software Developer will see you working in a flexible environment which will push your technical abilities. You will be developing high-quality solutionsthat will fuel these robots through all the stages of its life.As an Embedded Software Developer with us, you will have access to courses and technology conferences, which will enable you to develop your skills further.Key Skills/Technologies: Object Orientated C, SoC architectures, ARM Cortex, STM32, JTAG, CMake, Make, Maven, Bash/Shell/python Scripting, SQL, Python.Apply now for immediately consideration regarding this excellent opportunity!Understanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy"	"St. Albans, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"Up to £40k per annum"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Dane Moore "	"JS-BBBH4090"	"09/12/2018 16:00:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmVZ2"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)"	"£55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)"	"London - £55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning) £55,000 - £65,000 + flex workingWe are seeking a DevOps Engineer with strong development skills to help the improvement of DevOps process and tooling for a hugely talented team building artificial intelligence and machine learning platforms.The team offer a flexible working environment with the option of part remote work.We are looking for a DevOps Engineer who has:Strong development/programming knowledge using either Go, Python or Java (open to languages)Container knowledge using Docker or KubernetesBroad tech experience which could include CI tooling and process, automation or LinuxExperience with Solr search platformsAs the DevOps Engineer you will ensure vital, highly available Servers, systems and tooling are reliable, robust and scalable, proactively improving process and architecture, improving deployment process and working with the wider software engineering team to look into future operations improvements.DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)Salary: £55,000 - £65,000 plus benefits and flexible workingLocation: London"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Jamie Carr "	"JS-(J2472)"	"09/12/2018 14:00:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT6C"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA	NA	NA
"React Developer - AI Machine Learning - Waterloo - £85,000"	"£75k - £85k per annum + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"React Developer - AI Machine Learning - Waterloo - £85,000"	"London - £75k - £85k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Title: React DeveloperJob Type: PermanentLocation: WaterlooStart Date: ASAPSalary: £75,000 - £85,000React, Html, Css, Javascript, AI Machine Learning.My client a Machine Learning Start up based in Waterloo are now looking for a Passionate and energetic React Developer to join their close knit team. My client use Artificial Intelligence to create software solutions for business globally and have already made a huge name for themselves within their industry. They are quickly becoming pioneers in their field and are already working with some of the biggest companies across the world.They are very big on culture and have created an atmosphere of which their employees want to go to work and are excited to be there. It is very important to them that their employees are happy and excited about the work that they are doing every day and in turn believe this is when you you produce the best results.Essential: React Html/CSS/JavascriptUnderstanding or Interest in Machine learningPassionate about Development!Benefits: Access to benefits scheme (Huge discounts across companies, Access to therapists etc.)Excellent Pension Scheme25 days holiday per annum + UK Public Holidays Start an amazing journey at one of the fastest growing start ups in the UK  For more information please email your CV to (see below) and contact me. McGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£75k - £85k per annum + Benefits"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Danielle Hill "	"JS-6283083"	"10/12/2018 14:27:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmiHf"	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Product Delivery Advisor - BA, Software, Design, Requirements"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Product Delivery Advisor - BA, Software, Design, Requirements"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Product Delivery Advisor - BA, Software, Design, Requirements, £competitive + benefits, Cambridge.A truly forward thinking company who has developed one of the most advancement pieces of software and have gone onto explore new insights into the world of data maximising the use of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence making new discoveries years ahead of their competitors.Backed up by on the UK's most talented and successful technology management teams you can be certain their exciting future is a promising one.We are looking for experienced product delivery/business analysts or something to this nature who has worked on complex technology requirements and that have been involved with software projects on a large scale, must be well versed in taking client requirements and guiding these, good project management/delivery abilities, you will naturally be able to understand technical client requirements and explain these to a wide audience.The product delivery advisor will provide you with lots of variety which could include gaining a deeper understanding of the company's core product and how this can aid customers, sharing ideas with the team to see where features can be improved, providing first class business analysis skills, managing workshops and acting as a consultant.Plenty of social outings throughout the year ranging from punting through to sports clubs and not too mention tasty treats+ nights out!We would hope this is enough to get you excited about the product delivery advisor role.This is an outstanding position, please don't delay in applying via the link or just give us a call.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.MODIS are operating as an Employment Agency. MODIS are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Product, Software, Technology, Design, Business, Analysis, Project, Management, ConsultantModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1155179"	"12/12/2018 15:06:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm7wm"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeA top Cambridge based Technology Company who started out with a group of clever mathematicians and have now achieved global status. The company are certainly at the very forefront of technology and their reputation is now known within the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning.If you are fluent in Spanish both written and verbally we would like to hear from you. Graduated from a premier university with a 2.1 or higher (or whatever the equivalent to this would be) in science, mathematics, computing, engineering, natural sciences or similar, a firm grasp of computing and it would be beneficial if you had any knowledge of computer networks although this is not essential, outstanding analytical capabilities which may have been gained from university such as working with data, enjoy working on investigative tasks and able to produce detailed reports is a must.You will have the opportunity to investigate a number of exciting projects, analysing patterns and anomalies and writing detailed reports for clients based on your findings.Plush offices in Cambridge, friendly team and company environment, mixing with other very bright academic minded candidates.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer. If the above job sounds of interest please apply via the link or give us a call.Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Analyst, Graduate, Research, Cambridge, Mathematics, Physics, Job, PhD, MSc, BSc, SpanishModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154681"	"10/12/2018 11:00:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhSX"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security"	"Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security"	"City of London - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security, networking, degree, £competitive + benefits, Central London + travelThere is no doubt that this entrepreneurial and heavily funded cyber security organisation is on the of the worlds most successful cyber companies around. Their approach to cyber security involves the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning making them a pioneering cyber company to work for.It doesn't get much better than this.The type of person we would like to speak to will have operated in an Information Security type environment, solid understanding of networking principles, it is essential that you have graduated from at least a Russell Group university or an international university of similar standard holding the equivalent a 2.1 degree in computing, engineering, physics, mathematics, natural sciences or something related, breath and depth of consulting on various security topics or networking Cisco and Firewalls, confident with pre sales cycle and able to give examples of where you have collaborated with different IT teams to build and find solutions for clients, implementing some form of software system, providing after care and support, anyone that is fluent in another language would be a welcomed applicant but please do not be put off from applying if you do not possess another language, confident and well versed in speaking to clients from various backgrounds from ground floor to Senior management.Please ensure you are able to travel on an international basis and happy to do so at minimal notice - we think that's pretty exciting though.In return for you hard work you will be joining one of the elite cyber security companies, learning about a truly fascinating field, being the point of contact between clients and different departments within the company and deploying the companies cutting edge product.Plush Central London location, chance to travel, rubbing shoulders with some incredibly bright people, competitive salary + company bonus is all on offerFeel free to apply via the link or just give us a callPlease be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.MODIS are operating as an Employment Agency. MODIS are an equal opportunities employer Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Keywords - Security, Cyber, Information, Networking, London, University, Degree, Sales, Cisco, Firewalls,Modis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1153642"	"10/12/2018 11:57:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmhdf"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"QA Engineer"	"£45k - £60k per annum + Pension"	"Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"QA Engineer"	"Oxfordshire - £45k - £60k per annum + Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Test Engineer looking for a fresh challenge? I am currently working with a client focused in the health sector. They developing software that connects patients, clinicians and researchers and uses artificial intelligence to analyses anonymized real-world data and make new discoveries.You responsibilities will include design, building and maintain automation test frameworks as well as assisting in writing clear and accurate user stories and acceptance criteria. You will be ensuring traceability of all testing, assist in planning and estimation of test activities and research and drive innovative quality assurance practices. You will have a central involvement in achieving regulatory compliance of products for CE marking and ISO standards. You will write test reports and engage in scrum ceremonies keeping us focused on quality outcome for the patientRequirements:Familiarity with testing micro-services which conform to contractsExperience of modern CICD tools with yaml/json configuration (eg CircleCI)Full understanding of web technologies such as HTTP communicationComfortable mocking HTTP requests using tools such as Postman/Charles/FiddlerAbility to write and perform integration tests, exploratory tests, performance tests, security testsAble to comfortably use version control (eg git)Fastidious attention to detailAbility to work at pace without compromising qualityComfortable with challenging assumptionsDegree in science based subject or equivalent industry experienceIn return, they can offer you a competitive salary as well as great benefits. Please get in touch ASAP to find out more regarding this role. I look forward to hearing from you.Computer Futures, a trading division of SThree Partnership LLP is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy "	"Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"£45k - £60k per annum + Pension"	"Computer Futures - South West"	"Jake Heal "	"JS-CF-32976276"	"10/12/2018 17:07:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmkZE"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Data/BI Analyst"	"Up to £80k per annum"	"Waterlooville"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Data/BI Analyst"	"Waterlooville - Up to £80k per annum"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data/BI Analyst - Waterlooville - £80,000SQL, BI, T-SQL, SSRSBI Analyst required for a well-established client based in Waterlooville, Hampshire. You will work alongside a team of technical and product specialists delivering vital solutions. The role will be to undertake data analytical duties in support of Business and Artificial intelligence as well as Machine Learning projects. This role will initially be a 6-month fixed term contract.Skills required:SQLT-SQLSSRSQlikView or PowerBIProblem solving skillsAnalytic skillsKey responsibilities:Analyse data generated within the systems to help identify trends and patternsProvide support in relation to testing BI, AI and ML solutionsProvide input into data interface and/or integration projectsAnalysing data quality issues within our systemsIf you feel you have the skills and experience required, please contact Oliver Wilson (see below) "	"Waterlooville, UK"	"IT"	"Up to £80k per annum"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Oliver Wilson "	"JS-VR/IT9571"	"11/12/2018 16:00:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmuz3"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Full-Stack Developer"	"£50k - £60k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Full-Stack Developer"	"London - £50k - £60k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"I have a new exclusive role with an AI/FinTech business! Based in London Victoria, they have just created version one of an extremely innovative, complex and disruptive AI FinTech platform. This has been extremely well received already.This platform combines Artificial Intelligence with the investment world at corporate level.We are hiring an entrepreneurial Full-Stack developer to join a small but experienced team of engineers to support development and maintenance of our data pipeline as we transition to full commercialization of our enterprise-facing web-application. We seek passionate, innovation-minded developers who enjoy building software and want to expand their career in an entrepreneurial, high-growth setting.Start date:January 2019.This job is for you if: You have 3+ years of experience as a software engineer (preferably with B2B/enterprise software and/or data-centric applications)You have previously worked in the finance and/or accounting industries (familiarity with corporate financial reports and/or accounting knowledge would be ideal)You are interested in working in a start-up environment with fast growth potential that prioritizes innovationYou are passionate about technology design/development, are a self-starter, and seek an entrepreneurial role with broad responsibilitiesLocation - London, VictoriaRemuneration - £50,000 - £60,000 - depending on experience + equityPlease let me know or ideally send your CV if you are interested.Hope to hear from you!RyanCharlton Howard is a Trading Name of Talent Point Ltd. Talent Point Ltd and Charlton Howard are equal-opportunity employers and do not discriminate against these or any other class protected by applicable law. No terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£50k - £60k per annum"	"Charlton Howard"	"Ryan Howard "	"JS-FS - DEC - AI"	"07/12/2018 15:51:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6PM"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Software Developer"	"£28k - £55k per annum"	"Belfast"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer"	"Belfast - £28k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Work for one of Ireland's 'Best Managed Companies' and develop only the best enterprise mobility solutions Your new company Recently announced as one of Ireland's 'Best Managed Companies', my client focuses on developing powerful enterprise mobility solutions that combine mobile workforce management with dynamic scheduling, IoT and intelligent analytics. Bolstered with artificial intelligence, they have a proven track record of transforming organisations by increasing efficiency and driving operational excellence. Want to join an award-winning team? Look no further!Your new role As the new software developer, you'll utilise a number of sought-after technologies including C#, .NET Core, REST API, Swagger, Angular, Bootstrap, SQL Azure, Microservices, Docker (and others) to developing high-quality app solutions within an agile team. You will actively participate in all aspects of Agile processes, incl. Sprint planning, sizing from elaborated stories, daily stand-ups, shift-left automated testing, demos and retros. Other responsibilities include supporting the drive of turning applications fully cloud native, as well as share the common mindset of moving towards full Infrastructure as code and continuous deployment.What you'll need to succeed To succeed in this role you'll need 2+ years' experience in the software industry, ideally working within the .NET stack or equivalent, as well as experience in Server Side application developing utilising OO design, design patterns and refactoring. What you'll get in return In return you'll receive a competitive salary, on-site parking (unusual for Belfast city-centre!) and a number of other benefits.What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Belfast, UK"	"IT"	"£28k - £55k per annum"	"Hays DT - Northern Ireland"	"Juliann Deegan "	"JS-3481897"	"10/12/2018 19:00:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmluQ"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Data Engineer - London"	"£40k - £60k"	"London, England"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineer - London"	"London, England - £40k - £60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Be-IT are currently working with a Consultancy who are looking to revolutionise the industry with their unique approach and are about to embark on an exciting array of projects across the UK. Be-ITs client is building Artificial Intelligence focussed on optimising large-scale project delivery. They are changing the consulting industry and need passionate and experienced people to join them. What you need to have. 3+ years Data Engineering experience in Consulting/SI/Commercial/Banking Strong Data Analysis and stakeholder management skills Gathering, challenging, documenting and presenting requirements in an Agile transformation programme Proactively driving data infrastructure, building ETL processes, and undertaking quality assessment Excellent client-facing skills and ability to communicate at a technical and non- technical level Key skills and experience 3+ years work experience in data Engineering Strong SQL knowledge, specific knowledge of Postgres would be valuable Strong Python experience in data ingestion and processing pipelines A strong understanding of data modelling, data structures, databases, and ETL processes An in-depth understanding of large-scale data sets, including both structured and unstructured data Experience with Hadoop and/or Spark is beneficial Must be proactive, highly analytical, and detail-oriented with strong time management skills Strong communication skills, including prioritising, problem solving and interpersonal relationship building Proven time management with organisation skills (must be able to prioritise workload and meet deadlines) If you are interested in finding out more about this position please apply online."	"London, England, UK"	"IT"	"£40k - £60k"	"Be-IT Resourcing"	"Alastair Philp"	"JS"	"11/12/2018 10:58:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmtZu"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Java Developer"	"£40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Glasgow, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"Glasgow, Scotland - £40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer/Glasgow/£40k - £60k DOE/Excellent benefits packagesSanderson are currently working with a market leading organisation, based in Glasgow City Centre who require two experienced Java Developers with varying levels of experience to join their organisations on a permanent basis.Working on a multitude of exciting projects (including robotics, artificial intelligence and big data) and using the latest development technology, you will play a key role in the delivery of business critical transformation programmes. This organisation are also incredibly focused on providing additional mentoring/training programmes and encourage their employees to continuously develop their core skills. Among a variety of additional benefits you can expect to become part of a friendly team with a great culture.Key skill/experience requirements are listed below:4 + years Java Development ExperienceKnowledge of JavaScript Front End development and Oracle PL/SQL Back End would be advantageousAppreciation of JQuery, HTML and CSS would be useful but not essentialExperience of using CI/CD tools (teamcity, ansible, jenkins, GIT etc.) would also be advantageousExperience in Test Driven DevelopmentExperience of delivering within an Agile methodologyIf you possess 4 + years hands on Java development experience, and you are interested in taking your career to the next level with a globally respected organisation, please respond with your CV ASAP."	"Glasgow, Scotland, UK"	"IT"	"£40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Conor Ferguson "	"JS-553CFJD388"	"07/12/2018 13:05:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5XR"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Java Developer Contract - Dynamic Hedge Fund"	"£600 - £640 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Senior Java Developer Contract - Dynamic Hedge Fund"	"London - £600 - £640 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Senior Java Developer Contract - Dynamic Hedge Fund £600/640 a day - 6 month contract (views to be extended) We are seeking a Senior Java developer to join a young, Dynamic hedge Fund based in the heart of the city. The ideal Senior Java Developer will be join a small team with big plans, who enjoy a flat hierarchy where all ideas are heard.The Senior Java Developer will be Developing Big data analytics and Artificial intelligence algorithms based on behavioural-finance analysis. The Senior Java Developer will then deploy these algorithms to analyse investors' behaviour and to make investment decision. The ideal candidate will be competent in GCP (Google cloud platform) or AWS.The requirements of the Senior Java DeveloperExperience with micro-services and cloud-based deploymentExpert level in GCP or AWS (google cloud platform)You can demonstrate your skills and experience in Java (and other languages)Experience working with a TDD/BDD environmentApply now for immediately consideration for an excellent Senior Java Developer opportunityUnderstanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£600 - £640 per Day"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Oscar Gibbon "	"JS-BBBH1757"	"11/12/2018 17:01:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmvSM"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Software Developer"	"£60k - £80k per annum + Bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer"	"London - £60k - £80k per annum + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer - C# .NETWe're looking for a Software Developer (C# Developer/.NET Developer) to join an exciting project for a client based in Central London. The company are building out an application advising consumers on their finances, it is a revolutionary piece of software that helps customers reduce costs, save money and is completely personalised to them.The technology being used to power their platform is the latest Microsoft .NET and Open Source technologies on the market. Your work will see you involved with Artificial Intelligence (AI), which will see a Virtual Assistant answering/advising consumers on their finances helping them to reduce debt, increase savings, advise on hidden charges eating their savings and access trusted financial advisers at a fraction of the cost.As a Software Developer (C# Developer/.NET Developer/Full Stack Developer),on the Back End you will work with C#.NET, .NET Core with some MVC in parts, WebAPI 2/REST APIs, React, Redux, ES6, DynamoDB and AWS/Amazon Web Services. There are also messaging tools such as CQRS being employed too.The development team are an agile, closely knit team of Full Stack Developers, Cross Functional and Scrum based. You will join as a Senior Developer (C# .NET) and be part of a highly collaborative team of people, working flexible and where possible remotely.Software Developer Experience:C# .NETAsp.NET MVC or .NET Core Web API/REST APISQL Server, ideally NoSQL tooIdeal Software Developer Experience:AWS/Amazon Web Services or other Cloud technology such as Windows AzureVueJS or ReactJS with Redux, HTML5 and CSS3Messaging experience in SQS, RabbitMQ, Service Bus, CQRSDocker, Kubernetes, Mesos etcApply today for a full job description!Salary - Up to £80k with BonusSoftware Developer - C# .NET"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£60k - £80k per annum + Bonus"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Reece Graves "	"JS-C#FINTECH/APP"	"07/12/2018 04:00:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl1rm"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA	NA	NA
"Chief Technology Officer (CTO) - Manchester."	"£150k - £200k per annum + Benefits"	"Manchester"	"Permanent"	"Chief Technology Officer (CTO) - Manchester."	"Manchester - £150k - £200k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Chief Technology Officer (CTO) - Manchester.Are you experienced in managing technical teams and are either an CTO or have strong aspirations to be a CTO? Do you thrive in working in a nimble, open-minded, fast-paced environment? Are you a passionate, ambitious and pragmatic individual? Are you looking for a fresh and exciting challenge with an innovative, rapidly-growing UK banking services provider? Do you want to earn a highly competitive salary of up to £200k? If so, then Adria Solutions could have the perfect opening for you. Our client, FinTech innovators, are looking for a highly driven CTO to take care of all aspects of the technology side of the business, including:* Service Operations * Technical/infrastructure services* Technical Project Delivery* Database Architecture* System Architecture* Security* Data Analysis* Artificial Intelligence* Programming* Software Design* Supplier ManagementReporting directly to the Managing Director, this senior management position will be directly responsible for the delivery of:* Technical Transformation* Infrastructure Maintenance* IT Service DeliveryThe CTO will also be responsible for setting key objectives, ensuring delivery against SLAs in an agile and multi-supplier environment of the constantly-evolving Financial Services sector. Principle ResponsibilitiesThe principle responsibilities of this exciting role with this ambitious and forward-thinking FinTech provider include:* Lead and define the overall Technology strategy incorporating all processes managed by the area within a DEVOPs/Agile environment. Establish formal policies and frameworks to support consistent service delivery* Lead and define the Technical Architecture strategy and delivery, ensuring cost-effective solutions in accordance with IT risk, security & policy standards* Accountable for ensuring Service Operations, Technical Services & Technical projects are delivered in accordance with IT policies, standards & agreed SLAs and with respect to all relevant Financial Services regulation* Accountable for the IT Architecture, ensuring the required levels of IT resilience are provisioned for both internal technology and technology supplied by 3rd partiesEssential experience required for the roleThe successful candidate for this highly rewarding and stimulating position with a leading FinTech firm in the heart of the North West must have experience and knowledge in the following:* Knowledge in database architecture, system architecture, security, data analysis, Artificial Intelligence, programming and software design* Experience of running an IT function within a strong regulatory regime (eg FCA for Financial Services), all aspects of IT resilience & managing of major outsourcing suppliers* Pursuit of Service Excellence* Customer contact experience with a strong emphasis on telephony & digital business models* A proven track record delivering technical transformation in relation to data centre/cloud solutions, telephony platform & Office 365 applications - all underpinned by a robust network & security infrastructure.* A proven track record of achieving outstanding results within an ITIL service operations environment including management of 3rd party suppliers and effective use of service management & system monitoring tools* Conversant in delivering and maintaining robust technical infrastructure ensuring the highest standards of security is maintained and service availability aligned to a 24/7 business* Experience in all aspects of supplier selection and supplier management in a fast-paced, highly regulated environment* Extensive knowledge and experience of the ITIL lifecycle and how this works within an Agile Delivery Environment* Experience in balancing BAU service & infrastructure maintenance, alongside transformational change.Desirable criteria for the role* Experience of working within the Financial Services Sector or for Financial ServicesRequired education and qualifications* BSC/BA in Science and Information Technology, engineering or relevant field* MSc/MA/MBA is preferredThe successful applicant for this rewarding position will show awareness and be able to conform to our client key values centred on:Passion, Professionalism, Trust, Respect, Openness and HumilityIf you have the above experience, characteristics and aspirations to be a leading figure in driving the ongoing success of one of the UK's most credible and growing FinTech companies, get in touch with Adria Solutions to discuss your suitability for the role further. Call 01625 874399 or email (see below) Don't let this unmissable FinTech opportunity pass you by. "	"Manchester, UK"	"IT"	"£150k - £200k per annum + Benefits"	"Adria Solutions Ltd"	"David Berwick "	"JS-DB345676"	"12/12/2018 17:17:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm956"	"About Adria Solutions Ltdwww.adriasolutions.co.ukAdria SolutionsWelcome to Adria Solutions, one of the UK's most trusted, credible and successful specialist IT recruiters. Our experienced and professional team of IT recruitment experts successfully place candidates in many specialist areas of IT, including  .NET, C#, PHP, JavaScript, Java, UX, UI, Business Intelligence, IT Support, Developers, Business Analyst, Project Managers, and more.   We operate from the heart of the North West but recruit nationally, finding the best calibre of IT professionals to fill diverse roles to help organisations of all sectors fulfil their IT demands. Visit our website to learn more about how Adria Solutions can meet and exceed your IT recruitment needs."	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Senior PHP Developer"	"£40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior PHP Developer"	"Reading, Berkshire - £40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"I'm currently working with a large letting agency, they're looking to expand their rapidly growing Internal development team and require a Senior PHP Developer.The group has ambitious plans to become a front-runner in digital, this not only includes developing sophisticated websites to increase our client base, improve client retention and client experience, but also establishing new touch points via new digital platforms (eg mobile applications, client portals, artificial intelligence) to ensure the group maintains a competitive advantage. We are looking to develop our own software in-house to give us full control of functionality and give us a massive increase in speed to market of new functionality verses our competitors.Skills required:- PHP- Bootstrap- SQL- 3 years experience minimum requiredFor more info please contact me. GCS Computer Recruitment Services is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"£40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"GCS"	"Kane Fitzgerald "	"JSJS-SENIOR PHP/RG"	"11/12/2018 12:55:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmuWJ"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior/Lead .NET Developer (Move to AI)"	"£40k - £55k per annum + Package"	"Bournemouth, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Senior/Lead .NET Developer (Move to AI)"	"Bournemouth, Dorset - £40k - £55k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Senior/Lead .NET Developers, Bournemouth, £40-55k, move to AI projects, play a key part in dev team growth. Senior/Lead .NET Developer (move to AI projects) Bournemouth, Dorset £40000 - £55000 + Benefits Please note my client cannot offer sponsorship for this role.Your new company  This organisation is a specialist provider of bespoke software with an immediate need to increase their development function. This role will be based from their offices in the Bournemouth area, on direct train routes to London and within 5 minutes of the beach. I am looking for 2 hires, 1 that involves mentoring, leading and growing the development team (25% of the work), the second to be a technical lead for Artificial Intelligence projects which will be introduced in 2019.Your new role  You will be responsible for leading the development side of the business, providing thought leadership and taking control of the new features and technologies to be introduced moving forward. There are plans to grow the development function in the coming years, but right now your focus should be on hands-on technical delivery and supporting the core team. The team doesn't fully follow a 'typical' development cycle as you'd associate with a large corporate, it's reactive, dynamic although following briefs you will be afforded a lot of control and given the chance to run with projects. Longer term you will be expected to introduce high development standards, coding practices and Agile principles, with a real drive towards Artificial Intelligence project work. Project wise you'll be extending a proven, enterprise level web product which is innovative and widely used by big players in their respective industries. It's a complex application with a lot of opportunity for future growth. What you'll need to succeed  Candidates should ideally possess 5 years' industry experience producing clean, well-documented C#, JavaScript and SQL code.  It's crucial you've developed using the Asp.NET MVC model and you should have an excellent understanding of the wider .NET Framework.  There's flexibility in the technologies and tools utilised going forward, providing there is a viable business case for implementing these (eg - Angular/.NET Core).What you'll get in return  This role comes with a generous benefits package including flexible working, pension scheme, private healthcare and support for training/qualifications where necessary. There is also a good social element to the business who go out for regular team building events. What you need to do now If you're interested in the role, please apply now or call Max Wilcock at Hays IT.  If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new role in IT Development, please contact me for a confidential discussion.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Bournemouth, Dorset, UK"	"IT"	"£40k - £55k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3492029"	"10/12/2018 17:28:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmkun"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Business Development Manager"	""	"UK"	"Permanent"	"Business Development Manager"	"UK"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Business Development ManagerPermanentUK wide positionWho you'll be working withDo you want to make a real difference in your career, a difference that affects people's lives and transforms the way companies and government operate? Do you want to amaze people, to take them on a journey and show them something truly fantastic? Do you want to be at the forefront of the AI revolution?This is what we are doing at Capgemini.You will be working in Capgemini's global Insights & Data group; our goal is to help the organisations we work with become truly 'insight driven', to fully exploit their data using the convergence of Cloud and Artificial Intelligence to deliver real business value. We marry the most innovative insights solutions with rock solid, industrialised engineering. Our capabilities span Artificial Intelligence, Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence and Content Management. In a nutshell we help our customers to manage and get value from the explosion of Information they are grappling with.The focus of your roleYou'll be working within our Business Development team in our Insights and Data Business Line. The mission for this team is to work with our Market Units to help our customers to understand the value we can bring to them.You do not necessarily need deep hands on knowledge of the technologies within the Insights and Data space. Our Business Development consultants should have real experience trying to address business problems using data and information through analytics and AI, and a strong understanding of how different approaches can make a substantial impact on the outcome. The ability to engage senior customers, helping them to understand the business challenges they face and how Insights & Data can bring real value, through to advising on delivery is a must.The field of Insights and Data is clearly very large but you need to have knowledge and experience in at least one of Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence or Content Management. Ideally you will have strong business experience in one or more of Public Sector, Energy and Utilities, Consumer Products and Retail, Manufacturing, Telco or Life Sciences. We are especially interested in people with a strong background in Public Sector.We take career progression seriously; many of the Insights & Data UK management did not join in senior positions, rather they were given the opportunities from within to progress. We really do try to balance the needs of the business with the needs and aspirations of the individual it is in our interests for our people to be happy and successful.What you'll doOne thing we can tell you about what you will be doing is that there will be lots of variety. You will work closely with our Market Unit teams to raise awareness of the business solutions we provide from Insights and Data, typically taking these messages to senior customers. You'll also need to spend time with our customers, to listen and understand their challenges, helping them to understand how we can face these challenges. You'll also need to work closely with our Capability teams to identify and nurture offerings which position us in our customer base. You'll be responsible for growing our Insights and Data business within a specific sector or set of accounts, with a mix of proactive business propositions and responding to customer requests.What you'll bringYou're experience and knowledge of some of the domains below is important but we also value your interpersonal and problem solving skills. If you have a specialism in a specific sector we would be delighted to hear from you to discuss how you could be part of our team:Good understanding of at least one of the fields of Data/Data Science/AI/BI and Enterprise Content ManagementStrong evidence of your ability to build strong relationships with senior customersStrong experience in at least one of our sectors, ideally Public SectorGood understanding of the different areas of a business and their roles in an Insight driven transformationGood understanding of the realities of data within large enterprises and the challenges they face in gaining benefit from itStrong interpersonal skills with the ability to work with clients to establish requirements in non-technical language.We have a great team in Insights and Data and we are excited about the opportunities we have, we would love to hear from you. If you want to chat informally before applying, that's fine too.What we'll offer youProfessional development. Accelerated career progression. An environment that encourages entrepreneurial spirit. It's all on offer at Capgemini. And although collaboration is at the core of the way we work, we also recognise individual needs with a flexible benefits package you can tailor to suit you."	"UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	"Pontoon - Capgemini"	"Ryan Heath "	"JS-RH-BD1"	"06/12/2018 12:37:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxTz"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Technical Director/Architect - MS Stack - Glasgow - Package up to 100K GBP DOE"	"£80k - £100k Per Annum Salary will be inclusive of Flexible Benefits"	"Glasgow "	"Permanent"	"Technical Director/Architect - MS Stack - Glasgow - Package up to 100K GBP DOE"	"Glasgow  - £80k - £100k Per Annum Salary will be inclusive of Flexible Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Technical Director/Architect - MS Stack - Glasgow - Package up to 100K GBP DOE It's not often that exciting opportunities pop up for talented hands-on Technical Directors and Architects, but when they do they're quick to be snapped up! So if you're a proven leader with commercial vision and a strong eye for detail, I want to hear from you immediately before this one goes too!Abrecco have an exciting and rare opportunity for you to share in the success of a growing tech company based in Glasgow that are already working with the latest innovative technologies and developing cloud, voice, artificial intelligence and augmented reality solutions for a diverse range of well known UK household brands. You'll be working as part of the senior business team within a varied, fast-paced Microsoft environment, so we require a deep technical understanding in the .NET stack (C#.Net, .NET Core, React, JavaScript and Azure) coupled with the ability to lead, direct and manage the technical team through the full product development life cycle. What you'll be doing;- Working closely with new and existing clients to propose, scope and estimate work- Requirements gathering, technical analysis, specification, design and architecture- Resource, lead and Project Manage Agile teams in the development of solutions for clients and projects- Contributing to the development process within the Microsoft stack (.Net Core, .NET and Azure)- Defining the development team structure and strategyWhat you'll bring;- Extensive software architecture and design experience and an ability to lead a successful dynamic team- Familiarity with Agile software development methodologies and be driven to learn and explore the latest tech- Strong stakeholder management skills and an ability to consult and write proposals for clients- Proven experience of scoping and estimating work and ideally writing proposals- A background in technical change initiatives and continuous improvement- Knowledge of Software design, development, cloud principals and PAAS solutionsThis is an ideal opportunity for someone who has progressed through the technical ranks into design and architecture yet still has a passion for technology and pushing boundaries. You will benefit from an extensive package worth up to GBP 100,000 and a role that will give you the opportunity to progress in your career and operate at board level. Apply for immediate consideration or get in touch to find out more.Only apply to this vacancy if you consent to us contacting you with regards to this and similar future career opportunities. You may call to discuss the role in more detail if you wish."	"Glasgow , UK"	"IT"	"£80k - £100k Per Annum Salary will be inclusive of Flexible Benefits"	"Abrecco"	"Liam Kirton "	"JSLK/12688/2"	"07/12/2018 11:17:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl4NJ"	NA	"ASAP"	"Permanent"	"Executive"
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking space are looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"10/12/2018 09:29:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GdTdX"	NA	NA	NA	"Executive"
"System Tester"	"£26678"	"Manchester"	"Contract/Permanent"	"System Tester"	"Manchester - £26678"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	" Location: Wilmslow  £26,768 Per Annum plus pension and excellent benefits  Post ref: NOV20188282  System tester Here's an opportunity to join our organisation at an exciting time. As an experienced software Tester, you will play a key role in ensuring the continuous development of our key business applications, which in turn enable our important work. Who we are and what we do The Information Commissioners Office (ICO) is an independent public body; we uphold information rights in the public interest, promoting openness by public bodies and data privacy for individuals. We educate organisations, promote good practice and are involved with important issues from intrusive technology, nuisance calls/texts to the increasing use of Big Data, artificial intelligence and machine learning. We operate across the United Kingdom but have an international impact. For example, we work with data protection authorities across the world to share information and best practice as well as conduct joint investigations and enforcement actions. We are a regulator with tangible powers to help protect consumers. During the past year we were able to issue fines totalling more than £2 million around nuisance marketing calls and offered expert advice to many parliamentary committees. The role This is a key role at a time of growth for the ICO and the Digital and IT Services Department. As we roll out a number of new systems, we need an experienced person to test at pace, to ensure that developments meet business and user needs and that we keep quality high. You will be instrumental in developing test plans and scripts to match user stories/tasks and provide hands-on testing for monthly releases. You'll have excellent attention to detail and a logical, methodical approach. You'll be familiar with manual testing and knowledge and experience of automated testing would be a bonus. You'll be a keen collaborator, working closely with internal and external developers and project managers.This role is offered on a fixed term contract for a period of 12 months.Closing date: 23:59, Monday 7 January 2019"	"Manchester, UK"	"IT"	"£26678"	"Information Commissioners Office"	"Katy Hulme "	"JS"	"12/12/2018 17:04:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm9vP"	NA	NA	"12 months"	"Public Sector"
"IT Information Security Analyst - Security, ISO, Cyber"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"IT Information Security Analyst - Security, ISO, Cyber"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"IT Information Security Analyst - Security, ISO, Cyber, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeFounded by an elite group of mathematicians, engineers and technology investors this particular software company have become one of the top names in technology which is now known right throughout the UK and beyond. When it comes to spotting things out of the norm they excel in this field cleverly leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning.There are not many opportunities in the Cambridge that are unique like this one.We would welcome the chance to speak to experienced Information Security analysts/IT Security analysts who have added real value to a large FTSE 100 company or similar. A background in penetration testing, ideally you will have worked in a heavily regulated environment and well versed in ISO/PC-DSS or SOC, experience operating in a data loss prevention field, excellent analytical abilities are a must using a number of different tools, proven experience with cyber security awareness, confident with different security methods, familiar with computer networks, Firewalls and Saas. You may have managed or lead others during your role, knowledge of at least one of the following identity and access management, security information and event management, data loss or vulnerability assessment. It would be very beneficial if you have ISO accreditation, an understanding of ITIL, AWS and knowledge of web application security.The role itself needs a proactive individual to improve the company's security procedures including data and networks. Solely responsible for researching and identifying security incidents, analysing large volumes of data alongside the team then producing detailed reports, utilising different analytical tools, involved with internal audits, absolutely making certain that your work is in line with legal requirements, delivering cyber security awareness to other team members and conducting security assessments looking for areas of improvement.There is the potential for this position to become more of a team lead role at a later date.A chance to join of the UK's top one hundred tech companies, smart and vibrant working environment, a company with a strong staff retention rate and exciting plans for next year.We hope this has caught your interest so far?Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis are operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords: Security, Information, Analyst, Cambridge, Data, Tech, Cyber, ISO, computer, networks, saas, testing, web, applicationModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1155133"	"11/12/2018 13:53:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmuk8"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Head of Data - ML & AI"	"£100k - 140k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Data - ML & AI"	"City of London - £100k - 140k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"The London Market Insurance industry is transforming; I am working with a top 10, global name to identify a Head of Data who will devise the long-term strategy for the integration of advanced analytics and data science across the business. The ideal candidate will have an advanced degree from a red-brick university, a technical background, with experience of leading a team. They will have a strong understanding of data architecture, Business Intelligence through to machine learning and artificial intelligence. Previous insurance industry experience is preferred, but not essential. For further information please get in touch with Ahad Shadab @ HFG."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"£100k - 140k per annum"	"HFG"	"Ahad Shadab "	"JSASH00958"	"06/12/2018 09:39:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwnF"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	"Executive"
"Chief Technical Officer"	"£150k per annum"	"Manchester"	"Permanent"	"Chief Technical Officer"	"Manchester - £150k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"CTO | Manchester | £150k Your new company  An FCA regulated Financial Services organisation based in Manchester, with an innovative and digital approach to banking services. They are a Sunday Times 'Top 100' company and have achieved 'Investors in People' status. Your new role  Reporting to the Managing Director, the CTO will be responsible for the delivery of all services operations, whilst ensuring that governance and compliance is effectively deployed in accordance with regulatory standards. This includes Service Operations, Infrastructure Services, Technical Project Delivery, Database Architecture, System Architecture, Security, Data Analysis, Artificial Intelligence, Programming, Software Design and Supplier Management. This is a senior management position with direct responsibility for Innovation and Technical Transformation, Infrastructure Maintenance and IT Service Delivery. The role will require an ownership mindset, a passion for excellent customer experiences and the ability to add value to the commercial model through the delivery of efficiencies and effective optimisation and change.What you'll need to succeed Knowledgeable in database architecture, system architecture, security, data analysis, Artificial Intelligence, programming and software design. Experience of running an IT function within a strong regulatory regime (eg FCA for Financial Services), in particular all aspects of IT resilience & managing of major outsourcing suppliers. Customer contact experience essential with a strong emphasis on telephony & digital business models. A proven track record delivering technical transformation in relation to data centre/cloud solutions, telephony platform & Office 365 applications - all underpinned by a robust network & security infrastructure. A proven track record of achieving outstanding results within an ITIL service operations environment including management of 3rd party suppliers and effective use of service management & system monitoring tools.A proven track record delivering and maintaining robust technical infrastructure ensuring the highest standards of security is maintained and service availability aligned to a 24x7 business. Experienced in all aspects of supplier selection and supplier management in a fast-paced, highly regulated environment.Extensive knowledge and experience of the ITIL life cycle and how this works within an Agile Delivery Environment.Experience in balancing BAU service & infrastructure maintenance, alongside transformational change. What you'll get in return  You can expect a basic salary in the region of £150,000 plus benefits. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Manchester, UK"	"IT"	"£150k per annum"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment"	"Mark Hamilton "	"JS-3493840"	"12/12/2018 15:11:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm71P"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	"Executive"
"Graduate Proofreader/Resourcer"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Godalming"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Proofreader/Resourcer"	"Godalming - £18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Proofreader/Resourcer Are you organised and methodical, with a love for writing and ticking off a detailed to-do list? Are you an English language pedant who is irked by spelling errors and grammatical mistakes in written copy? Are you a friendly people-person, with a good sense of humour and a tolerance for poor puns and rubbish jokes? Are you looking to build a long-term career at a successful technical communications recruitment company? Are you a lover of cake, who might also be tempted by the occasional salted caramel brownie? Then look no further! Edissero has an excellent opportunity for a graduate/junior to join our small, friendly and professional resourcing team based in the heart of Godalming. We've been recruiting technical authors since 2003 and we work with some of the most innovative and interesting gaming, software, artificial intelligence, fintech and engineering companies all over the UK, Europe and sometimes further afield, too. What's a technical author?!, we hear you cry well don't worry, we didn't know what one of those was when we started, either. Forget everything you think you know about recruitment companies. At Edissero, we won't expect you to cold call potential clients all day or make 30 placements a month. Our focus is to do our job as effectively, ethically, and helpfully as possible; words you don't always associate with recruiters, right? So what do we need you to do for us? To give you an idea, in this varied and interesting role and with full training and support from lovely colleagues, you will find yourself: Taking and filling specialist vacancies for companies working on some pretty cool new technology and concepts. Speaking to clients and candidates on the phone, getting to know them and their requirements/skills, and generally being a little bit nosy. Poring over CVs and writing samples, spotting and correcting spelling, grammatical and formatting errors. Composing exciting and engaging job adverts (just like this one ). Writing incisive and informative supporting notes for each submitted CV. Keeping our database meticulously up-to-date. Being obsessively organised; we gain huge satisfaction from writing and then gleefully ticking off a daily-to do list (we should probably get out more). Visiting clients and nosing around their often very exciting offices. Sometimes you'll even go out for coffee and cake, which leads neatly on to: Either talking about or actually eating delicious food. Being genuinely (or at least pretending to be) interested in looking at our respective pet dog/cat pictures. In exchange for the above, we're offering a salary of £18,000 - £24,000 p.a., a generous bonus and a nice benefits package including 25 days' holiday, contributory pension, private health insurance and a company mobile phone. Sound good so far? Great! We'd love to hear from you. A CV and covering letter stating your suitability and interest will be gratefully received by Michelle Shoubridge (see below) or if you'd like any further information, please give us a call"	"Godalming, UK"	"IT, Office and Admin, HR"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Edissero Ltd"	"Michelle Shoubridge "	"JSGRADEDISSERO"	"07/12/2018 16:21:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6gB"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading"	"c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading"	"Reading, Berkshire - c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading - c£70K-£80K plus benefits The successful candidate will be a proven Pre-Sales Solution Architect professionally experienced in the UK public and private sector marketplace for digital transformation. You should be a technically aware in one or more of: Business Intelligence and Analytics; Data virtualization and Big Data; Azure and AWS; Application Development; Application Support and Maintenance. You should have experience of working within the IT technology sector and be capable of developing solutions from high-level client concepts for enterprise transformation. These will focus on next generation technologies such as: Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, RPA, Cloud Services and Machine Learning. You will have strong customer communication skills and the ability to communicate with stakeholders at all levels. Responsibilities Lead technical sales discussions and presentations with clients; Develop appropriate and customised technical value propositions to support the sales team; Provide technical leadership and consultancy to both internal and external teams, ensuring solution design is fit for purpose, whilst meeting time and budget restraints; Design technical services or plan system integration, selecting necessary platforms and technologies to meet project requirements and user needs; Author compelling client responses to (technical) questions in a Request for Information or a Request for Proposal; Provide estimates of solution cost gathering pricing from internal stakeholders and/or external third parties; Deliver customer audits and Proof of Concepts at client premises to develop business cases for investment. REQUIREMENTS 3-7 years of experience in an IT services technical role. Hands on experience acting as Solution Architect in an RFP/RFI process.s supported by other team members at busy times. Extensive experience of dealing with customers to understand needs and design solutions. Experience in leading technical teams and delivering user-focused services The ability to create solution design documentation. The ability understanding of how to prioritise work in a fast, customer-centric environment. Industry professional technical certification is desirable. Awareness of key industry players and maintenance of a strong contacts list. A knowledge of the off-shoring software development market. The ability to influence senior management and communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences. "	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Scene One Ltd"	"Allan Carlin "	"JSSOLUARCH"	"11/12/2018 10:29:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GYLPq"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Frontend Developer"	"£30k - £50k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Frontend Developer"	"Reading, Berkshire - £30k - £50k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"I'm currently working with a large letting agency, they're looking to expand their rapidly growing Internal development team and require a Midlevel Frontend Developer.The group has ambitious plans to become a front-runner in digital, this not only includes developing sophisticated websites to increase our client base, improve client retention and client experience, but also establishing new touch points via new digital platforms (eg mobile applications, client portals, artificial intelligence) to ensure the group maintains a competitive advantage. We are looking to develop our own software in-house to give us full control of functionality and give us a massive increase in speed to market of new functionality verses our competitors.Skills required- CSS3- HTML5- Javascript- Working within a creative environment for at least 2 years.For more info please contact.GCS Computer Recruitment Services is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"£30k - £50k per annum + Benefits"	"GCS"	"Kane Fitzgerald "	"JSJS-FRONTEND/RG"	"11/12/2018 12:48:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmuPc"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Proofreader/Resourcer"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Godalming"	"Permanent"	"Proofreader/Resourcer"	"Godalming - £18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Proofreader/Resourcer Are you organised and methodical, with a love for writing and ticking off a detailed to-do list? Are you an English language pedant who is irked by spelling errors and grammatical mistakes in written copy? Are you a friendly people-person, with a good sense of humour and a tolerance for poor puns and rubbish jokes? Are you looking to build a long-term career at a successful technical communications recruitment company? Are you a lover of cake, who might also be tempted by the occasional salted caramel brownie? Then look no further! Edissero has an excellent opportunity for an enthusiastic candidate to join our small, friendly and professional resourcing team based in the heart of Godalming. We've been recruiting technical authors since 2003 and we work with some of the most innovative and interesting gaming, software, artificial intelligence, fintech and engineering companies all over the UK, Europe and sometimes further afield, too. What's a technical author, we hear you cry well don't worry, we didn't know what one of those was when we started, either. Forget everything you think you know about recruitment companies. At Edissero, we won't expect you to cold call potential clients all day or make 30 placements a month.Our focus is to do our job as effectively, ethically, and helpfully as possible; words you don't always associate with recruiters, right? So what do we need you to do for us? To give you an idea, in this varied and interesting role and with full training and support from lovely colleagues, you will find yourself: Taking and filling specialist vacancies for companies working on some pretty cool new technology and concepts. Speaking to clients and candidates on the phone, getting to know them and their requirements/skills, and generally being a little bit nosy. Poring over CVs and writing samples, spotting and correcting spelling, grammatical and formatting errors. Composing exciting and engaging job adverts (just like this one ). Writing incisive and informative supporting notes for each submitted CV. Keeping our database meticulously up-to-date. Being obsessively organised; we gain huge satisfaction from writing and then gleefully ticking off a daily-to do list (we should probably get out more). Visiting clients and nosing around their often very exciting offices. Sometimes you'll even go out for coffee and cake, which leads neatly on to:Either talking about or actually eating delicious food. Being genuinely (or at least pretending to be) interested in looking at our respective pet dog/cat pictures. In exchange for the above, we're offering a salary of £18,000 - £24,000 p.a., a generous bonus and a nice benefits package including 25 days' holiday, contributory pension, private health insurance and a company mobile phone. Sound good so far? Great! We'd love to hear from you. A CV and covering letter stating your suitability and interest will be gratefully received by Michelle Shoubridge or if you'd like any further information, please give us a call."	"Godalming, UK"	"Office and Admin, HR"	"£18k - £24k + bonus + benefits"	"Edissero Ltd"	"Michelle Shoubridge "	"JSEDISSERO"	"07/12/2018 16:22:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6gb"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"Business Development Manager"	""	"England"	"Permanent"	"Business Development Manager"	"England"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Business Development ManagerPermanentUK wide positionWho you'll be working withDo you want to make a real difference in your career, a difference that affects people's lives and transforms the way companies and government operate? Do you want to amaze people, to take them on a journey and show them something truly fantastic? Do you want to be at the forefront of the AI revolution?This is what we are doing at Capgemini.You will be working in Capgemini's global Insights & Data group; our goal is to help the organisations we work with become truly 'insight driven', to fully exploit their data using the convergence of Cloud and Artificial Intelligence to deliver real business value. We marry the most innovative insights solutions with rock solid, industrialised engineering. Our capabilities span Artificial Intelligence, Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence and Content Management. In a nutshell we help our customers to manage and get value from the explosion of Information they are grappling with.The focus of your roleYou'll be working within our Business Development team in our Insights and Data Business Line. The mission for this team is to work with our Market Units to help our customers to understand the value we can bring to them.You do not necessarily need deep hands on knowledge of the technologies within the Insights and Data space. Our Business Development consultants should have real experience trying to address business problems using data and information through analytics and AI, and a strong understanding of how different approaches can make a substantial impact on the outcome. The ability to engage senior customers, helping them to understand the business challenges they face and how Insights & Data can bring real value, through to advising on delivery is a must.The field of Insights and Data is clearly very large but you need to have knowledge and experience in at least one of Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence or Content Management. Ideally you will have strong business experience in one or more of Public Sector, Energy and Utilities, Consumer Products and Retail, Manufacturing, Telco or Life Sciences. We are especially interested in people with a strong background in Public Sector.We take career progression seriously; many of the Insights & Data UK management did not join in senior positions, rather they were given the opportunities from within to progress. We really do try to balance the needs of the business with the needs and aspirations of the individual it is in our interests for our people to be happy and successful.What you'll doOne thing we can tell you about what you will be doing is that there will be lots of variety. You will work closely with our Market Unit teams to raise awareness of the business solutions we provide from Insights and Data, typically taking these messages to senior customers. You'll also need to spend time with our customers, to listen and understand their challenges, helping them to understand how we can face these challenges. You'll also need to work closely with our Capability teams to identify and nurture offerings which position us in our customer base. You'll be responsible for growing our Insights and Data business within a specific sector or set of accounts, with a mix of proactive business propositions and responding to customer requests.What you'll bringYou're experience and knowledge of some of the domains below is important but we also value your interpersonal and problem solving skills. If you have a specialism in a specific sector we would be delighted to hear from you to discuss how you could be part of our team:Good understanding of at least one of the fields of Data/Data Science/AI/BI and Enterprise Content ManagementStrong evidence of your ability to build strong relationships with senior customersStrong experience in at least one of our sectors, ideally Public SectorGood understanding of the different areas of a business and their roles in an Insight driven transformationGood understanding of the realities of data within large enterprises and the challenges they face in gaining benefit from itStrong interpersonal skills with the ability to work with clients to establish requirements in non-technical language.We have a great team in Insights and Data and we are excited about the opportunities we have, we would love to hear from you. If you want to chat informally before applying, that's fine too.What we'll offer youProfessional development. Accelerated career progression. An environment that encourages entrepreneurial spirit. It's all on offer at Capgemini. And although collaboration is at the core of the way we work, we also recognise individual needs with a flexible benefits package you can tailor to suit you."	"England, UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	"Pontoon - Capgemini"	"Ryan Heath "	"JS-RH-BD1"	"06/12/2018 09:46:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwpD"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking teamare looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"10/12/2018 09:29:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GcyEg"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	"Executive"
"Data Scientist"	"£40k - £55k per annum"	"Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"Gloucestershire - £40k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Role: Data ScientistLocation: GloucestershireDuration: PermanentSalary/Rate: Excellent SalaryStart Date: ASAPClearance: SC or Willing to UndergoData Scientist - Permanent - Gloucestershire - Excellent Salary - SC or Willing to Undergo The candidate will work within the company's rapidly-growing analytics development team to apply expertise in processes and technology to a wide variety of platform data. The role entails deriving meaningful insights from data and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations. The individual selected will develop data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence based capabilities and apply these to a wide variety of system and platform data to enable high level decision-making across different application domains. Data flows may be from a wide variety of sources, such as radio frequency data from systems of interest and social media data analysis. Skills/Experience:At least a bachelor's degree in a numerical, science or similar subjectEffective collaboration with other data scientists, engineers, software teams, management, other stakeholders and customersAbility to perform exploratory analysis, use machine learning to build models, generate visualizations and create & present reportsExperience of designing efficient algorithms for data analysis, data mining, text mining, data manipulation and statistical analysisApply knowledge of tools for software development and engineering research to create models of relevancyKnowledge of related technical domains including systems coding, programming languages, deep mathematical calculation and emerging analytics and big-data technologiesDesired skills, qualifications and experience [JP]One or more of the following skills is desirable:Develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performanceExperience with statistics (descriptive and inferential)Experience with data manipulation, fusion and visualisation tools and techniquesExperienced in data structures and hierarchiesStrong analytical skills and understanding of system databases, data elements and application software solutions to optimise data gathering and analysisExperience in web application developmentFamiliarity with Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, and SparkFamiliarity with Cloud TechnologiesExperience with complex computer networksWeb application development and database modellingRECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £300!You will be required to hold a minimum of SC or Willing to Undergo. If you do not hold an active SC or Willing to Undergo please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.(c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2018."	"Gloucestershire, UK"	"IT"	"£40k - £55k per annum"	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Edward Dixon "	"JS-J7074"	"07/12/2018 15:51:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6PO"	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Graduate Information Security Engineer - Security, Data, Degree"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Information Security Engineer - Security, Data, Degree"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Information Security Engineer - Security, Data, Degree, £in line with grad salaries + awesome benefits, CambridgeIt is always good to be moving with a company that is at the very forefront of technology and this intelligent software house is certainly one of those. They are guided by probably of one the smartest technology management teams in the UK with solid backgrounds in artificial intelligence and machine learning.An outstanding first time opportunity for a graduate or someone with some industry experience who is looking to take their career to the next level.About you:-A bright graduate holding a degree ideally in computing, networking, security or something similar. -Able to work with and analyse vast amounts of data and spot things out of place.-You will have a thirst for wanting to build a career in a security related field, comprehension of cloud/AWS, cyber security awareness and networking.-Someone with an understanding of penetration testing, OWASP or cyber security could do very well in this role. -Enjoy being in a fast paced tech environment with strong communication skills.-Ability to adapt to an ever changing industry.Please note this is not a software development position.Activities to be getting involved with:-Looking at different security threats with ways to lessen this risk.-Researching security breaches and identifying weaknesses.-Playing a part in the on going information security policies.-Adhering to best practise across the company.-Working with new and existing security systemsA fantastic opportunity for a first time graduate or as mentioned someone with some industry experience perhaps via an internship. Juicy benefits with lots going on throughout the year, smart offices and a competitive salary.Please don't delay in applying below.Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis are operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords: Graduate, Security, Data, Cyber, Degree, Information, CloudModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1155134"	"11/12/2018 13:10:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmufq"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	"Graduate"
"Software Developer/Engineer, Javascript, React, Cambridge"	"£35k - 50k per annum"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer/Engineer, Javascript, React, Cambridge"	"Cambridge - £35k - 50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer/Engineer, Javascript, React, Cambridge- £35,000-£50,000Tech: Javascript, React, HTML5, CSS This is a Front End Developer role, you will be using Javascript along with React to develop the Front End of products relating to the AI engine.The company: AI is a burgeoning technology, and one that fascinates many. My client are building an absolutely brilliant Artificial intelligence Engine, one that is specifically targeted at the Healthcare industry, and are looking for Front End developers with around 2 years' experience to help them achieve their fantastic vision.They are based in Cambridge.BenefitsCompetitive Salary (£35,000-£50,000)Exciting projects!A large amount of creative autonomyFlexible working hoursRemote working up to 2 days per week My client is reviewing C.Vs this week, to be considered or to find out more information please get in touch by clicking apply now to forward me an up to date copy of your CV. "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"£35k - 50k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Rory Donaldson "	"JS737637637378"	"06/12/2018 12:11:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxRy"	NA	"2018-12-21"	NA	NA
"AI and Machine Learning Engineer - Central Bristol - up to £60K"	"£45k - £60k per annum"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"AI and Machine Learning Engineer - Central Bristol - up to £60K"	"Bristol - £45k - £60k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"AI & Machine Learning Software Engineer Central Bristol£45,000 - £60,000My client who are a cutting edge and fast-growing 3D visionary and Machine learning organisation based in Central Bristol are seeking and talented AI & Machine Learning Software Engineer. You would get involved with the core of their technology and shape its ongoing development.They are centrally based in Bristol which is a dynamic and vibrant multi-cultured city. From day one you will be a key member of the growing development team. You will be passionate about researching new concepts on how AI can advance this company.The Role: You will be joining their R&D Team and play a major part in improving their core product and investigating new applications of Machine Learning and applied Artificial Intelligence.You time will be spent becoming a subject matter expertise in this area and to stay up to date new technical developments.Skills Needed:Experience with one or more in the following programming languages: Java, C/C++, Python or JavaScriptDeveloping on Linux, OpenCV Strong background in Deep Learning and Computer VisionExperience in deep learning frameworks like TensorfloOther Skills:A clear communicatorUse your creative abilities will make a difference in technologyShow a passion for computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligenceBenefits: Relaxed, R&D environmentBe a part of a rapidly growing and diverse companyOpportunity to work on cutting edge technologyCompetitive salary25 days holiday plus bank holidaysGenerous pension schemeIn-house Gym Freedom to come up with new ideasGreat working environment in central BristolFlexible working hoursTo apply, please click below or, for more information, please get in touch with Hassan Lenga-Kroma at Sanderson Recruitment or email (see below) "	"Bristol, UK"	"IT"	"£45k - £60k per annum"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Hassan Lenga-Kroma "	"JS-HQ00092138"	"06/12/2018 15:06:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glxf2"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New"	"£60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Manchester - North West"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New"	"Manchester - North West - £60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New - Greenfield Would you be interested in helping successfully deliver a scale of transformation and profile project never attempted or seen before ? The overall Eco System is an incredible £6 Billion pounds and this particular programme tream is the most important and far reaching. You will be influencing the success of the entire system with Integration, Design, Build and Test. A full life cycle opportunity that is truly green field. Smart Co has helped this programme for 3 years now, however this particular project is the one we are most excited about. It will revolutionise probably the last true Digital Transformation and open the areas of Data, IoT, RPA and Artificial intelligence. Skills: Excellent stakeholder management - Internal and external Experience with System integration Design, Build, Test Phases Experience of multiple programme streams Large Greenfield project experience Exposure to complex multi supplier Delivery Programme Desirable: Telecoms or Wireless Networks Utilities Highly regulated environments Government sponsored projects (Although this is the private sector) You will also be talking daily to the wider programme community of Project Managers, Programme Managers and Programme Directors. This team is the number 1 Greenfield team in the North West and you will be also be gaining exposure to the latest technology stack as reported by Gartner. For a full confidential overview and to talk about our project time frames please contact Lloyd Norman Smart Account Director at your earliest convenience."	"Manchester - North West, UK"	"IT, Energy, Agriculture"	"£60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Smart Co Consulting Limited"	"Lloyd Norman "	"JS/PM233309"	"11/12/2018 11:30:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEJi"	NA	"Immediate 2018/19"	NA	"Executive"
"Test Development Engineer"	"£40-45k + benefits"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Test Development Engineer"	"London - £40-45k + benefits"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Founded in 2004, T-Impact is a rapidly growing Digital transformation consultancy. We work with global brands on a wide range of exciting and challenging projects, using industry leading tools and technology. Our teams are comprised of business design and technology specialists, who work in Tandem to deliver extraordinary client benefits for both enterprise and SME businesses. We love what we do, and work hard to deliver outstanding solutions for our clients. T-Impact staff are engaged as thought leaders, supporting Digital Transformation projects for legal, banking, health care and retail clients and responsible for:  Developing Cognitive Analytics and Artificial Intelligence solutions.  Delivering Digital Innovation projects, a service layer comprised of technologies such as Robotics, Artificial Intelligence and Process Automation  Optimising Business Performance using our proprietary operational management and control solutions We have secured several new client engagements and are investing heavily to grow our teams. We are looking for a talented Test Development Engineer with in-depth experience of JavaScript, Test Automation, Test Scripting and Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Technical Skills in the following  Development  Javascript AWS Lambda AWS Dynamodb AWS Pure Serverless (Development happens without access to AWS server)Test Automation Protractor (Framework used in End to end testing in Angular APP)  Jasmine or any test Scripting exp (accessing web components & interacting with it) THIS IS A FIXED TERM ENGAGEMENT "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£40-45k + benefits"	"T-Impact Ltd"	"Paul Hunt "	"JS PH TESTDEV"	"12/12/2018 13:47:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glx0G"	NA	"2ND January 2019"	NA	NA
"Chief Technology Officer - Manchester"	"£150k - £200k per annum + Benefits"	"Manchester"	"Permanent"	"Chief Technology Officer - Manchester"	"Manchester - £150k - £200k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Chief Technology Officer - Manchester - £150-£200K + Benefits. Our client is looking for a highly experienced CTO who is a Technical expert. You will need to understand infrastructure, business systems and online technology and in addition, you need up to date and detailed experience of Products, Vendors and evolving practices. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, the Chief Technology Officer is responsible for all aspects of the technology business including Service Operation, Technical/Infrastructure services, Technical Project Delivery, Database Architecture, System Architecture, Security, Data Analysis, AI, Programming, Software Design and Supplier Management.Responsibilities:* Leads and defines the overall Technology strategy incorporating all processes managed by the area within a DEVOPs/Agile environment. Establishes formal policies and frameworks to support consistent service delivery.* Leads and defines the Technical Architecture strategy and delivery ensuring cost-effective solutions in accordance with IT risk, security & policy standards.* Accountable for ensuring Service Operations, Technical Services & Technical projects are delivered in accordance with the companies IT policies, standards & agreed SLAs and with respect to all relevant Financial Services regulation. * Accountable for the IT Architecture, ensuring the required levels of IT resilience are provisioned for both internal technology and technology supplied by 3rd parties.Skills:- Knowledgeable in database architecture, system architecture, security, data analysis, Artificial Intelligence, programming, and software design.- Experience of running an IT function within a strong regulatory regime (eg FCA for Financial Services), in particular, all aspects of IT resilience & managing of major outsourcing suppliers.- The pursuit of Service Excellence essential- Customer contact experience essential with a strong emphasis on telephony & digital business models.- A proven track record delivering technical transformation in relation to data centre/cloud solutions, telephony platform & Office 365 applications - all underpinned by a robust network & security infrastructure.- A proven track record of achieving outstanding results within an ITIL service operations environment including management of 3rd party suppliers and effective use of service management & system monitoring tools.Chief Technology Officer - Manchester - £150-£200K + BenefitsIf you are interested in this position, please send your CV to (see below) Chief Technology Officer - Manchester - £150-£200K + Benefits"	"Manchester, UK"	"IT"	"£150k - £200k per annum + Benefits"	"Adria Solutions Ltd"	"David Berwick "	"JS-DB34676"	"07/12/2018 16:00:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6TC"	"About Adria Solutions Ltdwww.adriasolutions.co.ukAdria SolutionsWelcome to Adria Solutions, one of the UK's most trusted, credible and successful specialist IT recruiters. Our experienced and professional team of IT recruitment experts successfully place candidates in many specialist areas of IT, including  .NET, C#, PHP, JavaScript, Java, UX, UI, Business Intelligence, IT Support, Developers, Business Analyst, Project Managers, and more.   We operate from the heart of the North West but recruit nationally, finding the best calibre of IT professionals to fill diverse roles to help organisations of all sectors fulfil their IT demands. Visit our website to learn more about how Adria Solutions can meet and exceed your IT recruitment needs."	"ASAP"	"Permanent"	"Executive"
"C# MVC Developer - Permanent"	"£50k - £85k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"C# MVC Developer - Permanent"	"City of London - £50k - £85k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"I am currently recruiting for a c# MVC Developer for my Client based in London the role is working for a company who specalises in building data rooms for companies in Financial services.As part of the role you will be required to develop tools and applications to enhance the productivity of the company. the exciting part of this role is that the projects are all greenfield projects so there is room to leave your own mark on the development process.C# MVC within a commercial environmentStrong JavaScript DeveloperStrong jQuery/AjaxStrong HTML/HTML5Strong CSS 3 (SCSS/Less)Responsive Design experienceBackend technologies - WCF, Entity Framework, SQL ServerTFS source control systemUnit testingHave a business mind-set and understand client and product requirementsAdvocate of Agile methodologiesExcellent communication and collaboration skillsAbility to quickly pick up new technologiesExperience in the following is advantageous (if you have any of the following, please specify whilst applying):Working in an ISO27001 environmentSearch Systems/Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence (Azure, Algorithms etc..)If this role is of interest to yourself please give me a call or submit your CV to: (see below) McGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"£50k - £85k per annum"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Joseph Preston "	"JS-90119"	"11/12/2018 10:08:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmtGx"	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "	NA	NA	NA
"Software Engineer Java"	"£45K"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer Java"	"Havant, Hampshire - £45K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer Java - Permanent - Havant - Up to £45K Reporting to the Software Engineering Manager and under general direction of the Engineering Leadership Team, the role provides support to programmes as used by Military and Commercial customers.Duties include:Convert requirements into appropriate software design and code, documented in adherence to relevant standards.Contribute to architectural decisions to create scalable solutions for business problems.Contribute towards identifying suitable software modelling and development tools.Provide estimates for work and contribute to the production of metrics to track progress.Support software development through the SDLC according to the Software Development Plan.Develop software in accordance with requirements and agreed design, with consideration for software quality and future maintenance.Ensure code reviews are carried out for the code developed and participate in reviews of other developers' code.Produce the required documentation for Software such as User Guides, Design Documents and Coding Standards.Support other engineering disciplines in capture of requirements and testing of software.Produce Configuration Management documentation such as Software Version Description Documents.Contribute towards identification of improvements to processes in order to save cost or schedule.Support and guide other engineers in applying and delivering product features driven by appropriate development techniques.Be active in transferring knowledge to staff using documentation and modelling of design and code, user guides, development guides etc.Required skills, qualifications and experience:Java 7/8 Design and Development.Agile Methodologies especially Scrum.Ability to create a collaborative team environment and facilitate communication of ideas in an inclusive environment.Strong background in software development techniques including eg design patterns.A desire to learn new technologies and find creative solutions to complex technical and logistical problems.An understanding of optimisation of software design and code for speed, memory constraints, maintainability etc.Good communication skills, ability to plan, arrange and deliver training sessions when necessary.Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.Desired skills, qualifications and experience:Experience with model-based software development and code generation.Machine Learning or other Artificial IntelligenceScrum Master experience.JSF/PFJEE5/6Oracle or other dB technologiesUML and associated toolsJenkinsMavenData ScienceHadoopKafkaDesign patterns.Machine Learning or other Artificial IntelligenceRECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £300!You will be required to hold a minimum of BPSS or willing to undergo. If you do not hold an active BPSS or willing to undergo please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.(c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2018."	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"£45K"	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Edward Dixon "	"JS-J7137"	"10/12/2018 10:57:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhRb"	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Lead Software Engineer"	"£60k"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Lead Software Engineer"	"Havant, Hampshire - £60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Lead Software Engineer - Permanent - Havant - up to £60k Reporting to the Software Engineering Manager and under general direction of the Engineering Leadership Team, the role provides support to programmes as used by Military and Commercial customers.Duties include:Convert requirements into appropriate software design and code, documented in adherence to relevant standards.Lead the way on architectural decisions to create scalable solutions for business problems.Identify suitable software modelling and development tools and techniques.Provide estimates for work and contribute to the production of metrics to track progress.Ensure software is developed through the SDLC according to the Software Development Plan.Develop software in accordance with requirements and agreed design, with consideration for software quality and future maintenance.Ensure code reviews are other quality-related activities are carried out by the Software team.Produce the required documentation for Software such as User Guides, Design Documents and Coding Standards.Ensure collaboration with other engineering disciplines to support requirements capture and testing of software.Ensure Configuration Management documentation is produced accurately, such as Software Version Description Documents.Work with Operational Excellence staff to identify improvements to processes and other ways of reducing costs.Maintain current knowledge of industry techniques and technologies, including those in academia where relevant, in order to assess viability for use.Be active in transferring knowledge to staff using documentation and modelling of design and code, user guides, development guides, white board sessions, seminars and 1-2-1 training.Support Business Development and Programme Management during capture and proposal phases.Working under consultative direction towards long-range goals and objectives.Support the Engineering management in writing processes, disseminating them and ensuring they are used to produce high quality software.Act as advisor to management and customers on Software technical research studies and applications.Required skills, qualifications and experience:Solid skills in Java 7/8.Agile Methodologies especially Scrum.Ability to create a collaborative team environemt and facilitate communication of ideas in an inclusive environment.Strong background in software development techniques including eg design patterns.A desire to learn new technologies and find creative solutions to complex technical and logistical problems.Clear and concise communication/presentation skills to influence and invoke change throughout the organisation, including liaising with other disciplines to ensure a joined-up approach to the challenges of ML development.Ability to proactively set the direction for use of new technologies and associated tools, and to develop roadmaps which have the support of relevant stakeholders.Be able to guide the direction of work with minimal managerial direction, while working collaboratively in order to guide team-members and the organisation as a whole to implement change, including working cross-site.Ability to synthesize requirements from internal/external customers and strategic imperatives into software solutions that take into account technical, schedule and cost constraints, as well as requirements to optimise software for speed, memory constraints, maintainability etc.Ability to proactively transfer knowledge and spread best practice to relevant staff, using a variety of media and communication techniques.Ability to interpret current practices and processes and recommend modifications.Ability to work with all levels of engineering, programme management and leadership in order to achieve the necessary impact required.Ability to design metrics for work and to use them to track progress.Proven ability to implement change successfully.Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.Desired skills, qualifications and experience:Experience with model-based software development and code generation.Machine Learning or other Artificial IntelligenceScrum Master experience.JSF/PFJEE5/6Oracle or other dB technologiesUML and associated toolsJenkinsMavenData ScienceHadoopKafkaDesign patternsMachine Learning or other Artificial Intelligence.RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £300!You will be required to hold a minimum of BPSS or willing to undergo. If you do not hold an active BPSS or willing to undergo please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.(c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2018."	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"£60k"	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Edward Dixon "	"JS-J7138"	"10/12/2018 10:54:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhQe"	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Software Engineer Java"	""	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer Java"	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Reporting to the Software Engineering Manager and under general direction of the Engineering Leadership Team, the role provides support to programmes as used by Military and Commercial customers.Duties include:Convert requirements into appropriate software design and code, documented in adherence to relevant standards.Develop software in accordance with requirements and agreed design, with consideration for software quality and future maintenance.Ensure code reviews are carried out for the code developed and participate in reviews of other developers' code.Produce the required documentation for Software such as User Guides, Design Documents and Coding Standards.Work with colleagues in other engineering disciplines to support capture of requirements and testing of software.Produce Configuration Management documentation such as Software Version Description Documents.Contribute towards identification of improvements to processes in order to save cost or schedule.Required skills, qualifications and experience:Java 7/8 Design and Development.Jira or similar tools for tracking work progress and producing metrics.Ability to collaborate and communicate ideas in an inclusive environment.A desire to learn new technologies and find creative solutions to complex technical and logistical problems.Desired skills, qualifications and experience:SpringHibernateDroolsJSF/PFJEE5/6UMLEclipseJenkinsMavenHadoopKafkaDesign patterns.Machine Learning or other Artificial IntelligenceRECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £300!You will be required to hold a minimum of BPSS or willing to undergo. If you do not hold an active BPSS or willing to undergo please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.(c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2018."	"Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Edward Dixon "	"JS-J7136"	"10/12/2018 10:59:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhR1"	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Junior .NET Developer"	"up to £35,000 and a benefits package."	"Nottinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Junior .NET Developer"	"Nottinghamshire - up to £35,000 and a benefits package."	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I hope you are well? I am currently recruiting for the following role and thought you might be interested? If you are, please could you send me an up dated copy of your CV and I will give you a call?Junior .NET Developer Junior .NET Developer/C#/.Net/WebAPI/SQLServer/SSIS/Azure/Junior.NET Developer/NottinghamshireOne of my clients, a market leader in in retail industry is looking for a Junior Developer to join their IT department in Shirebrook. Working in a highly skilled team and working closely with Network and Database teams.My client is looking for a Junior Developer as they are a data orientated company SQL and Database programming experience is needed. Do you have experience working with .NET and C#?As a Junior Developer you will be required to:*The ability to demonstrate analytical and programming skills across a range of platforms.*To be able to interpret requirements into working code.*Strong problem solving skills.*Agile development process.*Work to deadlines provided, escalating issues as appropriate*Willingness to learn new technologies within the company such as Artificial Intelligence, automation or robotics.My client is offering a salary of up to £35,000 and a benefits package.Junior .NET Developer/C#/.Net/WebAPI/SQLServer/SSIS/Azure/Junior.NET Developer/NottinghamshireApply ASAP to this excellent opportunity by submitting your CV for immediate consideration and do not hesitate to get in touch if you have any queries.Many Thanks Jaye Downes Permanent Recruitment Consultant Spring | Birmingham | B3 2PBSpring acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. The Spring Group UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer. By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Spring. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Nottinghamshire, UK"	"IT"	"up to £35,000 and a benefits package."	"Spring Technology"	"Jaye Downes "	"JS-JD129111"	"06/12/2018 09:37:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwmx"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps and Platform Automation Engineer"	"Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"DevOps and Platform Automation Engineer"	"Southampton, Hampshire - Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Southampton Full-time or contract Company Description With increasingly vast seas of digital information, smart organisations can today do things that were up to now impossible; spot unseen business trends, prevent diseases, make our roads safer and so on. At Version 1 our Mission is to prove IT can make a real difference. We prove this every day and due to our continued expansion, we're searching for like-minded individuals to help us take it to the next level'. This is an exciting opportunity for a highly experienced DevOps and Data Platform Automation Engineer. A permanent position, you will join a team delivering a transformative cloud hosted data platform for a key Version 1 customer. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in automating the build and deployment of Microsoft Azure Platform solutions and APIs in a big data context with Enterprise level organisations. We are seeking someone who can design, create and deliver a range of DevOps Build Automation and Deployment solutions and who has a proven track record of solution excellence across with customers across many sectors. You will be highly proficient working with business stakeholders and directing project teams and will have direct experience of a range of Build and Deployment Automation solutions on the Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform particularly in relation to big data, geospatial platforms and data based APIs. You will ideally have at least 7 years' experience and a proven track record of automating, deploying and maintaining enterprise level solution environments on distributed Cloud data platforms. You will be able effectively collaborate with others, obtain buy-in for your deployment automation approaches and manage your own priorities and performance to deliver high quality, highly performant solutions to our customer. Job Description Your main responsibilities will be: Working with Big Data developers to ensure high quality build automation and deployment input to class leading data platform solutions. Ensuring that platforms and data solutions can be deployed and operated in a highly repeatable and predictable manner through interaction and collaboration with relevant vendor and customer stakeholders. Defining relevant solution deployment architectures and data environment platform design. Deploying and managing multiple environments to support rapid, agile development approaches including demonstration environments. Production of DevOps specifications. Documentation of solutions (eg data models, deployment architectures configurations, and setup). Working within a project management/agile delivery methodology in a leading role as part of a wider team. Collaborate and liaise with other customer stakeholders/end users in the software development life cycle - PMs, BAs, testing etc Provide effective knowledge transfer and upskilling to relevant customer personnel to ensure an appropriate level of future self-sufficiency. Qualifications You will have: Direct experience of enterprise solution shaping and Microsoft Azure Cloud deployment architecture development including excellent documentation skills. Experience of setting up, deploying and managing multiple environments to support very, agile development approaches. Possession of either the Developing Microsoft Azure Solutions or Architecting Microsoft Azure certifications. It is essential that you have strong, in-depth and demonstrable hands-on experience with the large numbers of the following technologies: Windows Azure Platform and its relevant build, deployment, automation, networking and security technologies in cloud and hybrid environments. VSTS Application Lifecycle Management (Build, Deployment) including setting up Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment Knowledge of deployment automation for Linux and Windows Virtual Machines Knowledge of PowerShell, Git, ARM templates, JSON, BSH and big data platform deployment automation including the handling and transfer of very large data volumes. Microsoft Azure Identity Management and Security technologies including Azure Active Directory integration, custom SAML 2.0 providers Automated deployment of APIs via API Management/App Service and serverless solutions (Azure Functions, Docker etc)  It is highly desirable that you have good knowledge and understanding of the following platforms and their deployment: CosmosDB, Cassandra, Mongo DB or similar technologies would additionally be very useful Microsoft Azure PaaS and SaaS solution development technologies including Azure Functions, Logic Apps, .NET, JavaScript, Python etc. Microsoft Azure App Service Fabric, App Service Environment, Microsoft Azure API Management platform technologies Microsoft Azure Operational and Monitoring tools Knowledge of deployment orchestration and configuration management tools (Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, Terraform, Kubernetes). Azure Service Bus and Azure Notifications Hub Azure Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning platforms - Microsoft Azure Machine Learning, Azure Cognitive Services  Familiarity with any of the following would also be a distinct advantage: Azure Data Analytics platform (Cortana Intelligence Platform) including Azure Storage, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Data Lake, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure Search, Azure Databricks and Open Source technologies such Apache Spark, Atlas, Hadoop, NoSQL, Kafka, Solr. Any experience you have with best practice design principles and approaches for a range of application styles and technologies to help guide and steer decisions would be very desirable. Any experience working with structured and unstructured data including geospatial data. Any experience of working in highly dynamic teams using agile methodologies often under demanding timescales. Experience of collaborating and knowledge transfer to mixed customer and supplier teams whilst delivering to agreed timelines would be highly beneficial.   And you'll be able to provide evidence and examples of where you have demonstrated these skills in the past. If so, we'd love to speak with you. Additional Information We are an equal opportunities employer.  Suzanne WhelanVersion 1 Talent Acquisition Specialist"	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Version1"	"Suzanne Whelan "	"JSSWDEVOPS1218"	"06/12/2018 10:46:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glw3P"	NA	"January"	"6mnths or perm"	NA
"Algorithm Development Engineer"	"competitive hourly rate"	"Bristol"	"Contract"	"Algorithm Development Engineer"	"Bristol - competitive hourly rate"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"An Algorithm Development Engineer is required for a long term contract assignment based in Bristol for a multi-national defence company.The position focuses on the design, development and proving of algorithms for missile, Command & Control (C2) and Mission Planning applications. This includes algorithms in the domains of: control, guidance and navigation; image processing for EO and RF systems; data fusion, classification/pattern-recognition & tracking; decision making and motion/route planning for decision support and autonomous systems. The role may involves aspects of algorithm design and proving; analysis of closed-loop model simulations; analysis of sub-system and system trials/firing data; generation and maintenance of design documents; preparation and presentation of material at reviews; working with Systems, Simulation & Modelling and Software Engineers to support the integration and validation of algorithm performance and the Embedded software. The hosting department works through the full life cycle, including research studies and development/certification. The work of the hosting department is broad, and there is scope for existing team members to be moved around to accommodate candidates with particular skills. Skills and Knowledge A background from a numerate discipline (Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Engineering) with strong mathematical and analytical skills is essential. The main toolset used is Matlab/Simulink, but experience in FORTRAN or C would be relevant for Legacy products. Consequently, candidates must be comfortable with developing, testing and working with algorithms/models using such tools. Ideally candidates should have some knowledge/experience of one or more of the following domains: Flight Dynamics, Dynamic systems, Optimal Control, Multivariable Control, H-infinity, Mu-analysis, guidance systems, trajectory optimisation, estimation/tracking and Kalman filters, integrated navigation, computer vision, image and signal processing for detection and tracking, autonomous systems, pattern-recognition, decision making, artificial intelligence/machine learning. However, candidates possessing a strongly mathematical background who can apply themselves to these domains are also of interest. Candidates from an academic background are suitableModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Bristol, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"competitive hourly rate"	"Modis"	"Neil Freeman "	"JS-1149890"	"06/12/2018 15:57:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxzK"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months"	NA
"Devops Engineer (contract)"	"£400 - £500 per day"	"Southampton, Hampshire, England"	"Contract"	"Devops Engineer (contract)"	"Southampton, Hampshire, England - £400 - £500 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"DEVOPS AND AUTOMATION ENGINEER (CONTRACT)NEW TEMPORARY CONTRACT PROJECT AVAILABLE IN SOUTHAMPTONContract position for candidates that are available to start between now and JanuarySouthampton based organisation in an accessible locationDevOps Engineer/Azure Platform Automation EngineerAzure Platform Automation/DevOps/VSTS/CI/CD/PowerShell/ARM deploymentsDay rate; £400 - £500 per day, outside of IR35To apply please call or email  WHO WE ARE?We are working with a leading and rapidly expanding Consultancy who deliver a full range of digital solutions to prestigious end clients. This project is working with an esteemed end client with a rich history who is on a digital transformation journey.WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING?Working in collaboration with the Big Data team to build automation and deployment for a range of data platformsDeploying and managing a range of cloud environments to support agile development practicesDocumenting solutionsCollaborate with stakeholders/PM's/PO'sWE NEED YOU TO HAVE .Azure Build, Deployment, Automation, networking and security solutionsVSTS (Visual Studio Team Services) to build Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelinesAutomated deployment of Windows and Linux Virtual Machines (VM's)PowerShell/ARM templates (JSON)Azure Active Directory (AD) integrationsAutomated deployment of API'sIT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE Cosmos DB/Cassandra/Mongo DBAzure Paas/SaaS solutionsAzure Functions/Azure Logic Apps/App Service Fabric/Azure API management.NET/Python/JavaScriptJenkins/chef/Puppet/TerraformKubernetes (k8s)Azure Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Azure Machine Learning (ML) platformsAzure Data Analytics/Databricks/Apache Spark/Hadoop/KafkaTO BE CONSIDERED .Please either apply by clicking online or emailing me directly. For further information please call me. I can make myself available outside of normal working hours to suit from 7am until 10pm. If unavailable please leave a message and either myself or one of my colleagues will respond. By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process & submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. KEY SKILLS:AZURE DEVOPS ENIGNEER/DEVOPS CONSULTANT/AZURE PLATFORM ENGINEER/AUTOMATION ENGINEER/AZURE CONSULTANT/CI/CD/VSTS/Visual Studio TEAM SERVICES/AUTOMATION/AUTOMATED/VM'S/VIRTUAL MACHINES/POWERSHELL/ARM DEPLOYMENTS/AD/COSMOS DB/CASSANDRA Searchability (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. "	"Southampton, Hampshire, England, UK"	"IT"	"£400 - £500 per day"	"Searchability"	"Will Roebuck "	"JS#7589 - DO - WR"	"06/12/2018 13:35:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxbA"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"HSBC Technology Graduate Programme"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"HSBC Technology Graduate Programme"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"About HSBC More than 229,000 people working together across 67 countries makes us the world's leading international bank. We've always been where the growth is. Connecting customers to opportunities is part of our heritage. Our purpose is to help businesses thrive and economies prosper while helping people fulfil their hopes and realise their ambitions.HSBC Technology in context  Over the next two years, we will be investing USD15-17 billion* to fuel our growth through technology that makes banking simpler, better and faster for our customers. There will be complex financial and data challenges along the way, which will test the brightest and boldest technology problem solvers.  Being one of these means collaborating as a global team of expert technologists. Together, you'll build platforms that support 38 million customers and run more than 6,300 services; you'll embrace agile working to shape our future and transform the world's banking experience. HSBC Technology provides you with the opportunity to be part of a truly global, genuinely human bank. It's a chance to be you and to be heard, to set your own path as you transform ours at the forefront of innovation. Working here means helping a progressive, diverse organisation improve financial services for good.Our Graduate Programme It's a world of opportunities and the freedom to create your own. Our two-year rotational programme will see you developing solutions at the forefront of technological advancements. Cloud. Cybersecurity. Artificial Intelligence. Data. These are just some of the technologies you'll work with. This is how you'll improve the way we serve customers. It's how you'll transform us and our future.Your role Make technology work harder to make life simpler. Find ingenious ways for it to make banking better, faster and easier for customers. Keep their money safe and their data secure.This will mean building relationships across Technology and the bank, getting to know the business and understanding how technology can progress it. Sometimes, this will demand hands-on involvement in designing and developing the solution. You could be overseeing production of that solution and working directly with the end user. Whatever role you take on, you'll have the mix of technical and interpersonal skills necessary to get the job done.Our technologists solve problems by innovating. You'll touch on everything - from cybersecurity to data to cloud to artificial intelligence. What you do here is all about finding new ways to apply the latest technologies. To push the boundaries of what's possible. To be curious and experiment. To deliver better every day and never stop learning.This will equip you with the impressive technical capabilities and core leadership skills you need to progress. Where they take you will be up to you. Whichever path you decide to pursue, know that we'll empower you with a wealth of learning opportunities, including providing support through our Technology Academy. In time, you could progress to become a member of our Global Technology Leadership team. This means where you go next will be directing where we go next.We're looking for top talent True technologists are innovative and curious. You'll combine a thirst for knowledge with the resourcefulness to seek it out, be that in others or elsewhere. We particularly want to hear from: Innovative and creative thinkers who challenge themselves and each other, push the boundaries of thinking, share knowledge and explore new ideas  Analytical problem solvers who can overcome complex challenges using data and logic Collaborative people who work with colleagues and clients to achieve their goals  Commercial minds who understand anything we do is about improving something for our customers.If you have a passion for tech, your career here will be all about indulging in it.Technical criteria You should be curious about technology and have a genuine interest in themes such as Digital, Analytics, Cloud or Cyber.We're particularly keen that you demonstrate knowledge of one or more of the following disciplines: Data Science (including Analytics, ML, AI), Cloud technologies, Modern Programming Languages (eg. JVM-based, JS frameworks), Open Source development,.nix, Non/Relational DBs, Mobile Development, Cybersecurity, SRE and DevOps patterns, DLT, Cryptocurrencies.Eligibility criteria Final-year undergraduates, recent graduates and postgraduate students. Applications from any degree discipline are welcome.  Minimum 2:1 degree in any degree discipline in the UK; 120 UCAS points or international equivalent.  3.2/4.0 or 4.0/5.0 cumulative GPA from a recognised university in Hong Kong or international equivalent.How to apply Please click the APPLY button to apply.Complete your online application, take our immersive online assessment and do a job simulation to learn more about working at HSBC. If you're successful, you'll be invited to one of our assessment centres.If you have questions or need help before your visit to our assessment centre, please contact us.Applications close in HK on 31 January 2019 and in the UK on 31 March 2019. However, as we hire on a rolling basis, we'd encourage you to apply sooner rather than later.Careers > Graduate Opportunities > Other Programmes > Technology Graduate Programme"	"United Kingdom"	"IT"	"GBP"	"HSBC"	"HSBC"	"JS2609946/604980538"	"12/12/2018 12:41:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm6QC"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"PHP Developer - Full Stack Laravel/React.js"	"£50,000 per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"PHP Developer - Full Stack Laravel/React.js"	"London - £50,000 per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Superstar React Developer required for a Hollywood blockbuster. Would you like to help create & define the standard in the way the Film and Broadcast industry modernises & streamlines the management of its programme data?  Meta is a startup looking to revolutionize the Data Management field for the Broadcast and Film industry. Currently working with some of the biggest names in the field such as Warner Brothers, HBO, CNN, Boomerang, Cartoon Network, TCM and Turner.  The Role Meta provides users with tools to manage, fix & clean their metadata, create centralized standards, and design & manage data estate & integrations. With a fully configurable API gateway, Meta enables plug & play functionality to all required services and becomes the data backbone that delivers digital inventory for the biggest Broadcasters in the world. You will build next-generation tech that changes how millions of users connect, explore and interact with information and media content. We're looking for maverick devs that bring fresh perspectives from information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list is growing every day.  RESPONSIBILITIES Create innovative UI elements, stunning JavaScript contraptions and outstanding web development. Collaborate with the dev team to design and launch new features. Work with graphic designers converting designs to visual elements. Test and maintain software products to ensure strong functionality and optimisation Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Understanding client requirements and how they translate to new application features BASIC QUALIFICATIONS  Experience in Database Development, with knowledge of MySQL 2 Years with PHP (Laravel), PHP Data Parsers and REST API 1 Year with modern JavaScript frameworks (ReactJS/Angular, etc.) Experience writing modern Javascript (ES6/ES7) Experience with consuming web services from Back End and exposing in beautiful custom HTML visuals Comfortable with the unix/linux environment and tooling such as npm PREFERRED SKILLS Redux DevOps, CI/CD Knowledge Testing Experience working with content management systems Salary Details: Up to GBP 50,000 per year depending on suitability. Working in modern Central London Office in the heart of Soho, the Film & TV district. Work 1 day per week Remotely from home.  Must be able to start project by latest 7th of Dec. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£50,000 per year"	"Meta Data Systems"	"Meta Data Systems"	"JS2600957/584928003"	"09/12/2018 16:09:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQRa"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship -Software with Data"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Coventry"	"Permanent"	"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship -Software with Data"	"Coventry - 20k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"A leading premium automotive business and leading to move towards electric autonomous vehicles.Our award-winning graduate and apprentice programmes have been designed to be just as inspiring as the next generation of vehicles you'll help produce. In fact, we've designed our early careers programmes for you to shape the future with us. With opportunities right across our business, you'll use your creativity to bring new ideas to life, develop specialist, commercial and project skills and push the boundaries of your potential.WHAT TO EXPECTJaguar Land Rover subject matter experts have been working throughout 2018 with our partners in WMG at the University of Warwick to develop a new BSc degree in Digital Technology Solutions (which is subject to final University approval).You'll spend your first three months at university, where you'll gain programming skills and start to build your professional business skills. After this time, you'll typically attend university for one week in every six to achieve your Bachelor's degree and study at the newly constructed Degree Apprenticeship Centre in the heart of the University of Warwick campus.You'll contribute to the business in your assigned role, as well as undertake additional study in your own time, to achieve your academic award. A network of apprentice tutors and line managers will regularly review your progress and offer advice along the way, to support you performing at your best.Level 6 Apprentices will be selected for one of the following routes:- Software Engineering, in our Engineering and IT teams - Software Engineering with Data Analysis, in our Engineering teams - Data Analytics with a variety of functions across our enterprise - Network Engineering in our IT and Facilities teamsWHERE IT WILL TAKE YOUJoin us on this apprenticeship programme and you'll be placed within one of the areas below:- PRODUCT ENGINEERING:  As the sophistication and automation of our vehicles continues to grow, our design and development teams in Electrical, Electronic and Software Engineering; and Powertrain Engineering increasingly require software engineering expertise to help create and maintain the millions of lines of code for our vehicles. Increased connectivity produces large amounts of data which can be used to continuously improve our products, and provide new services to our customers to give them experiences they love for life.- IT:  As a growing global business continuously investing in our facilities, our IT teams ensure that our people have the infrastructure and tools required to do their jobs. Our Network Engineers support existing infrastructure and the deployment of new technical solutions. Our Analysts use data from multiple sources to support day-to-day operations, drive improvements and help forecast our future requirements so that the optimal solutions can be deployed.- EMBEDDED BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ACROSS OUR ENTERPRISE:  In a world of ever greater connectivity, digital technology solutions play a role in virtually everything we do and experience. Our global teams across our business are increasingly using data from multiple sources to make critical decisions and drive outstanding performance.Data analytics, the management and manipulation of relevant data is essential for us to continue to offer a world-class experience to our customers whilst remaining commercially viable. To take on this challenge you should enjoy problem solving, have good analytical proficiency and be comfortable manipulating and working with large amounts of data.We'll continue to invest in our systems and deploy new architectures to get the most out of the data around us. Fast reporting, data visualisation and trend identification will enable the business to outperform the competition in all areas. Artificial Intelligence will play an increasingly important role in us maintaining relationships with our suppliers, customers and employees which are trusted and personalised.Join us as a Digital and Technology Solutions Apprentice and you'll start influencing our success in activities across our entire business helping us to deliver our extensive plans for further growth. You'll learn about cyber security, artificial intelligence, big data, Internet of Things, and the project management and life cycles required for them to be deployed in our business.WHAT YOU'LL NEED - GCSE Maths (Grade B/6 or above), English (Grade C/5 or above) plus an additional three GCSEs including a STEM subject at Grade C/5 or above (or an ICT vocational qualification at level 3 of 90 credit value 540GLH or greater).- Specialism-Software/Network Engineer: A Level Maths (Grade C or above), plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above) or A Level Maths (Grade C or above) plus completion of a higher apprenticeship (Level 4/5) in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms.- Specialism-Data Analyst: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).- Specialism-Software Engineer with Data: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).REWARDS AND BENEFITSOur salaries are competitive and we will also pay your tuition and course fees and give you a generous holiday allowance as part of your package. You'll be able to access a range of deals and discounts from various retailers and many of our facilities have their own gyms and sports facilities so you'll have plenty of opportunities to play at the end of the working day."	"Coventry, UK"	"IT"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"JS2584743_RP578151249/600374206"	"07/12/2018 14:58:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6Fm"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"Technical Security Engineer - CISSP/(ISO27001)/DSP"	""	"Luton, Bedfordshire"	"Contract"	"Technical Security Engineer - CISSP/(ISO27001)/DSP"	"Luton, Bedfordshire"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"POST TITLE: Technical Engineer Specialist: Security BASE: BedfordshireTo deliver the ongoing maintenance of information security, policies, procedures, and technical systems, in order to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information systems.To ensure the internal and external technical infrastructure is secure and to undertake audits, assessments and exercises to ensure that this is the case.Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or equivalent requiredRESPONSIBILITIES:To take lead responsibility for the implementation of an Information Security (ISO27001) work programme to meet the requirements of the Trust under the Data Security and Protection Toolkit (DSP).To raise the profile of IT. security and safe practice within and externally as appropriate, deploying user education materials to best effect.To work, prevent, or minimise electronic data loss, through the effective deployment of appropriate technologies.Maintaining an annual risk assessment for the IT. department and liaising with key internal and external stakeholders as required.Work with internal and external auditors.To develop, implement and manage software licensing procedures. To be responsible for ensuring that the Trust is fully licensed and that any illegal or inappropriate software is removed.To administer and maintain the Trust risk register ensuring master copies are retained and duplicate copies controlled.To ensure (systems and network) are fully documented, secure and meet the requirements of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).To develop, maintain and update the Trust's IT Security policy and systems specific security policies throughout the Trust.Liaison with various security bodies including CARECert.Knowledge and experience implementing the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) 10 steps to Cyber Security.Maintain and ensure the Trust continues to achieve the NCSC Cyber Essential Plus certification.Ability to undertake vulnerability management and system hardening assessments on Trust systems.To develop and implement procedures for cloud security and maintain secure IaaS technology.Respond to enquiries from staff and provide security advice in accordance with best practice, mandated policies and procedures as required.To investigate suspected and actual security incidents, produce reports with recommendations and ensure any remedial action is taken.To undertake or work with independent 3rd party to carry out annual external and internal penetration testing.To take the lead on IT related Serious Untoward Incidents (SUI) reporting internally to the Board, and externally to the regional security groups.To configure and monitor the Trust Firewall to maintain a secure network.To configure, monitor, manage and maintain various network monitoring tools to detect, remove and investigate potentially dangerous or malicious acts against the trust computing environment.To take lead responsibility for developing the Trust's IT Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery procedures and processes and for ensuring that a programme of regular testing is in place. All processes are to be fully documented and are to be to ISO standards.To work with internal and external parties on IT projects, providing security advice, knowledge and recommendations, as well as ad-hoc reports to ensure all systems remain secure.To ensure that Patch Management of all key systems remain up to date and is managed.To work in liaison with the Data Protection Manager and represent the Department on the Information Governance Steering Board.Work with multiple inter-departmental infrastructure teams, including server, network, applications, project management and senior management on securing systems.Host regular security infrastructure meetings to improve IT Security, write reports, implement plans and work with various teams.Knowledge and experience of networking environment, server technology, application control and system managementMaintain and manage anti-virus solution, email and Internet (Proxy) appliances, use SIEM technology, network monitoring tools, and Artificial Intelligence technology to protect the Trust computing environment.Present complex IT issues and communicates effectively with staff, clinical and directorate staff.Ability to strategically and dynamically look at emerging cyber threats, find ideas to mitigate the risks, develop new guidance or standards (internal and external) and enhance methods to protect the Trust using logical, physical and technological methodologies.To participate in out of hours and weekend on-call systems support rota. DESIRABLEAwareness of the requirements for ISO standards (27001, 27002, etc.) complianceAwareness of National Cyber Security Centre security programme (10 Steps to Cyber Security and Cyber Essential Plus)Laws, regulations and standards relating to computer security - Computer Misuse Act, Copyright, Design & Patents Act, Freedom of Information, GDPR, etc.Penetration Testing methodologyNetwork monitoring technology (SIEM).Artificial Intelligence - Dark TraceSophos - various technologies, including email and web appliancesMicrosoft server and endpoint operating systems (various)Network technology - HP, Cisco, Extreme, VPNCloud technology - IaaSPlease note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV.Hudson is part of Morgan Philips Group and is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.We are committed to ensuring that all job applicants are treated equally, without discrimination because of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, gender reassignment, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability or age."	"Luton, Bedfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Hudson IT (Milton Keynes)"	"Tim Kent "	"JS-UK773874"	"11/12/2018 10:55:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmtZd"	NA	"December 2018"	"3 months +"	NA
"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"Poole, Dorset - £25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer (Visual Studio) WPF, C++, Embedded, VB6, Poole, AI, Visual Processing, £25-45k, Software Developer (Visual Studio) Poole, Dorset  £25000 - £45000 + Package.  Please note my client cannot offer sponsorship for VISA holders/international applicants.Your new company  This specialist manufacturing business have become well-reputed key players in their field and due to continued growth and seeking a specialist Software Developer to join the team. You will be based from their head office in Poole, easily commutable from most location on the South Coast and 5 minutes from the beach. Your new role  The role is open to junior developers right to up to senior level, providing you have an excellent grasp of Visual Studio and understand you'll be working on Windows Desktop or Embedded projects.  This is predominantly a hands-on position working to support the development of a scalable system which underpins the companies design and distribution of products. You'll work across a range of technologies and be able to broaden your skill set, whilst gaining knowledge of a competitive and technical market.  You will be part of a well-established team for a business pushing 50 years in industry. The role will involve maintenance work but as they dip into new markets new development projects will become the focus for the team.  The company operate a flat structure and select elements of Agile that work for them. It's a small team with good tenure and retention and of course they champion open communication and collaboration, with developers needing to react and firefight at short notice. What you'll need to succeed  You must have demonstrable experience working with Visual Studio and an OO programming language, namely Vb.NET, though C# is fine. They've replaced Silverlight with WPF for the UI and would like to see a solid grasp of modern, clean coding principles, perhaps including UWP. Wider knowledge of Embedded Software, Real Time processing, VB6, Artificial Intelligence and Image Processing will reflect well but are not essential. What you'll get in return  You'll join a profitable, successful company with plans to gradually add to the development team throughout the year. There's free parking, 32 days' holiday a good company pension and support to improve your skill set through company funded courses where appropriate. What you need to do now Salary is negotiable for the right candidate up to £45000 and is representative of the company's flexible approach to employment and empowering developers.  To be considered for this position please apply directly, or contact Max Wilcock.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3331005"	"06/12/2018 17:26:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlykX"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Full Stack Developer"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Full Stack Developer"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"A Lead Full Stack Developer Role working for one of the World's leading consultancies. The Team Lead Developer is a key role in the IT department, leading the development capability for both the Mode 2 Digital & Innovation technology division as well as the Operational IT division. Delivering business transformation across the organisation and to our clients through prototyping, piloting, development & scaling of user-centric digital products as well as implementing new & emerging technologies to drive efficiencies and improvement across the business. Their role will work closely with the business relationship management, architects, solution design teams and agile project manager to build, & deliver a balanced portfolio of strategic and tactical digital & innovation projects, working closely with suppliers, business stakeholders and team members to scope, plan and deliver change as well as supporting existing solutions through continuous improvement. This is an incredible opportunity to join a progressive IT department at a leading Accounting & Professional services firm. Team Lead Developer:Hands on full-stack developer, including strong Front End development capability and a good understanding of UXManagement responsibility of a small team of developers and one UX/UI designerResponsible for building, maintaining and supporting both enterprise and client facing applicationsCollaborating with Business Relationship Managers and Solution Designers to turn concepts into practical solutions for relevant business challengesRun software development using modern DevOps methodologies to increase efficiency and productivityScan and leverage cross-industry trends in new & emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and data science to apply in the context of accountancy and professional servicesDemonstrate creative flair and the ability to pay attention to detailAssist in the planning and development and deployment of systems and servicesProvide proactive maintenance on support issues to ensure that we deliver excellent customer serviceAct as technical point of contact when collaborating with external vendor partners and work with them to leverage their development capabilitiesCommunication:Demonstrate strong skills to communicate, influence, negotiate and deal effectively with all levels of the IT, the Business organisation and SuppliersSeek to build relationships across the firm and to work for the overall benefit of the businessManage client expectations by listening carefully to their needs and balancing requirements with ability to deliverDemonstrate ability to tailor communication style and approach depending upon the target audience and key messages to be delivered (eg Stakeholder reporting, Steering Groups, Clients). Ensure effective communication of key issues to the department and the wider firm using non-technical languageAble to represent IT within the firmLeadership:Development Leadership - work with the senior technical manager to create best-practice software development processesContribute to thought leadership by keeping up-to-date on new approaches, techniques and tools and take account of changes and trends in technology, the market-place and in the business and propose changes to future plans accordinglyMentor & help improve junior developers. Proven track record of successfully building and delivering digital products (mobile & web apps and services) to market using agile methodologies.Expert hands-on development skills for building mobile & web apps and services.Key development skillsets: C#, .NET platform, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Azure PaaS (Azure Functions; Azure Logic Apps; Cosmos DB; Azure App Service; ARM templates), SharePoint & ReactExperience of hands-on technical management and collaborating with agile cross-functional teamsExperience with Office 365 including PowerApps, Flow; SharePoint OnlineExperience of authentication, access and identity management technology using Azure ADExperience with cloud platforms, especially Microsoft AzureExperienced in agile software development - scrum master certified or equivalentExperience of application integration at the various levels application, application interface or data layerExperienced in modern DevOps methodologies and continuous integration using Git.Demonstrate a passion & good understanding of key new & emerging technologies and the ability to quickly learn new technology conceptsExperience of test driven development desirableDemonstrate a good understanding of User Experience methodology and its importance in digital product developmentBSc/MSc in Computer Science with a required minimum of 6 years of applicable industry experience strongly preferred)Experience building fin-tech and reg-tech products advantageousHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Hays Specialist Recruitment"	"Anthony Ray "	"JS-3467839"	"12/12/2018 15:59:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm8oG"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"Poole, Dorset - £25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer (Visual Studio) WPF, C++, Embedded, VB6, Poole, AI, Visual Processing, £25-45k, Software Developer (Visual Studio) Poole, Dorset  £25000 - £45000 + Package.  Please note my client cannot offer sponsorship for VISA holders/international applicants.Your new company  This specialist manufacturing business have become well-reputed key players in their field and due to continued growth and seeking a specialist Software Developer to join the team. You will be based from their head office in Poole, easily commutable from most location on the South Coast and 5 minutes from the beach. Your new role  The role is open to junior developers right to up to senior level, providing you have an excellent grasp of Visual Studio and understand you'll be working on Windows Desktop or Embedded projects.  This is predominantly a hands-on position working to support the development of a scalable system which underpins the companies design and distribution of products. You'll work across a range of technologies and be able to broaden your skill set, whilst gaining knowledge of a competitive and technical market.  You will be part of a well-established team for a business pushing 50 years in industry. The role will involve maintenance work but as they dip into new markets new development projects will become the focus for the team.  The company operate a flat structure and select elements of Agile that work for them. It's a small team with good tenure and retention and of course they champion open communication and collaboration, with developers needing to react and firefight at short notice. What you'll need to succeed  You must have demonstrable experience working with Visual Studio and an OO programming language, namely Vb.NET, though C# is fine. They've replaced Silverlight with WPF for the UI and would like to see a solid grasp of modern, clean coding principles, perhaps including UWP. Wider knowledge of Embedded Software, Real Time processing, VB6, Artificial Intelligence and Image Processing will reflect well but are not essential. What you'll get in return  You'll join a profitable, successful company with plans to gradually add to the development team throughout the year. There's free parking, 32 days' holiday a good company pension and support to improve your skill set through company funded courses where appropriate. What you need to do now Salary is negotiable for the right candidate up to £45000 and is representative of the company's flexible approach to employment and empowering developers.  To be considered for this position please apply directly, or contact Max Wilcock.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3331005"	"06/12/2018 08:56:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gfjve"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Big Data Engineer - Apache Spark/Hadoop"	"£50k - £70k per annum"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"Big Data Engineer - Apache Spark/Hadoop"	"Newcastle upon Tyne - £50k - £70k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Big Data Engineer - Apache Spark/HadoopNewcastle upon Tyneup to £70,000 per annumA company with a local feel, but international reach are looking at strategic expansion to match business demand. A tech company through and through, we have been tasked to recruit a specialist data scientist/engineer with big data experience. Investment is ever present and this is one of the key positions that has been classed as integral to the organisations ongoing and future anticipated success.This role will really take internal precedent and it is anticipated that further positions will be created as consequence. This is one of the few big data opportunities in the North East and we're looking for experience of Apache Spark and ideally Hadoop respectively.You will work with existing teams in place and help to keep data centralised, as it really is the core of the overall business function and future direction. There will be Python Developers and Data Analysts at your disposal and ideally, you will begin to start filling their diaries with work, inevitably development opportunity.Work is done with market leaders throughout the world and your daily tasks will introduce elements of various projects which will allow for full data immersion. There really is a start-up feel and we're looking for personalities that can blend with this seamlessly.To be considered, we are looking for experience of:- Big data - Apache Spark/Hadoop- Programming - Python- Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence"	"Newcastle upon Tyne, UK"	"IT"	"£50k - £70k per annum"	"Reed Technology"	"Scott Dawson "	"JS-78474"	"11/12/2018 09:49:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gms8e"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Cloud Solutions Architect"	""	"Manchester"	"Permanent"	"Cloud Solutions Architect"	"Manchester"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"You will be familiar with major cloud platforms, and while you will have deep technical skills, you will also be strongly customer-focused, recognising the impact on the end user experience. You will be highly collaborative, at heart a team-player, always keen to engage with other technical experts across the organisation. You will not be happy just to do things the way they always have been done, but be at the leading edge of learning to work with new technologies, partners and adopting new ways of working.The role will include the following tasks:Technical specification and design of a portfolio of connected car servicesHelp shape technical best practicesIn conjunction with product owners, systems engineers and other business stakeholders, take a leading role in developing the best connected car solutionsDrive the creation of prototypes and proofs of conceptsEnsuring the scalability and robustness of all created servicesDefine and create APIs for the created servicesWork and engage with ecosystem players, external data sources, platform providers and other third parties to create compelling data-driven applicationsEnsure security and data privacy business needs are metHelp define scope, interfaces and estimate project development effortEssentialsUnderstanding and experience of emerging cloud services and data architectures, such as serverless services, IoT services, telematics, mobile services.Experience as an architect or software development lead for cloud-hosted software, creating application software and developing and specifying associated APIs.Experience in working in an agile software development environmentExperience and Qualifications RequiredA university degree in Computer Science or a related subjectExperience of creating consumer productsExperience working with Cloud based architectures/services (eg AWS, Azure, GCP)Understanding of software security, threats, vulnerabilitiesUnderstanding of Analytics and DatamodellingExperience with RESTful servicesExperience with Continuous Integration PlatformsExcellent teamwork skillsExcellent communication skills, able to simplify complex conceptsIn-depth experience in programming in one language - node.js, Java, PythonExperienced in working in an Agile environment, with agile tools and in a Matrix structured organisation.Desirable Experience and QualificationsPrevious experience with Automotive and vehicle systems eg Telematics, Connected ServicesExperience working with a number of agile workflow tools including: JIRA, Confluence, agile kanbansExperience at working with agile at scale using frameworks such as SAFe or LeSSBig Data experienceExperience working with Machine Learning or other branches of Artificial IntelligenceExperience working with and managing complex stakeholder relationshipsBenefits:Bonus (Individual Performance Payment)Pension: Contribution by employee 4% - Company 8%, Contribution by employee 5% - Company 9% or Contribution by employee 6% - Company 10%Privilege Discount Scheme - up to 20% discount on Jaguar Land Rover for employee and family -discounts on Ford - amount varies by modelYearly pay reviewFlexible Working arrangementsCanteen facilitiesOccupational Health services26 days holiday + 8 days statutoryChildcare VouchersEmployee Discount offers for family and leisure activities"	"Manchester, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Experis IT"	"Oliver Hurved "	"JS-BBBH94565"	"07/12/2018 15:28:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6MF"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Solutions Architect - Oracle ERP"	"600.00 / day"	"Liverpool"	"Contract"	"Solutions Architect - Oracle ERP"	"Liverpool - 600.00 / day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This assignment is suited to someone looking for a complex and delivery-focussed environment, with lots of moving parts. You will be an experienced Solutions Architect with a specialism in Oracle ERP, with experience in HR, Payroll and Core Merchandising. Whilst you'll have a technical skill-set you will be competent working closely with a variety of cross-functional stakeholders. This purpose of this engagement is to lead on a piece of work to looking at implementing Oracle Core Merchandising in the Cloud (Oracle) and migrating existing ERP, HR and Payroll from on-prem to Cloud. The successful candidate will have  Worked around e2e Supply Chain for a considerable number of years as and SME and Architect. Some Cloud awareness (but not necessarily an expert, as support will come from a dedicated Cloud team) A significant track record as an Architect for large, complex organisations - preferably business to consumer Detailed knowledge of Oracle ERP and some knowledge of the broader vendor landscape Both implementation and migration experience Excellent people and communication skills. The client is a privately owned, dynamic B2C organisation, investing heavily in digital transformation, data & analytics, artificial intelligence and other leading-edge retail and Supply Chain technologies."	"Liverpool, UK"	"IT"	"600.00 / day"	"Laudale Associates Limited"	"Alec Laurie "	"JS"	"06/12/2018 15:00:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxfT"	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months"	NA
"Site Reliability Engineer"	"£55k - £70k per annum + Exceptional Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Site Reliability Engineer"	"City of London - £55k - £70k per annum + Exceptional Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"We know AI is the hot topic, so why not join one of the fastest growing in AI companies in their industry?Focused on producing Software in which has truly revolutionised the way in which their industry operates, this is now an opportunity for you to work solely on this product and be part of a team responsible for changing the landscape of globally recognised companies. You will support both the platform and the AI research through managing and maintaining the AWS cloud Infrastructure, Python being a key and Automating everything possible! Working closely with researchers on breakthrough discoveries in deep learning you will use your DevOps and Infrastructure skills to apply these to their latest products.They have buy in from 9 internationally renowned companies worldwide and have recently secured over 30 million in funding to continue their vision and journey to use deep learning, automating and training its AI to improve the inefficiency in a process that saves both time and money. This Industry agnostic product, means the sky is the limit with the software's ability to transfer across industries and allow you to be part of something BIG at the forefront of AI.You will be a keen technologist with from a strong Linux Infrastructure background, an interest in joining a forward thinking start up, liaising with AI researchers and proficient in maintaining and supporting CI/CD pipelines, Containerization and Infrastructure as code.Apply, or get in contact directly to if you would like to join a company within the 100 most promising start-ups in Artificial Intelligence in the coming 2019."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"£55k - £70k per annum + Exceptional Benefits"	"Linuxrecruit"	"Jack Martin "	"JS-BBBH3241"	"12/12/2018 15:22:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm8BH"	NA	"ASAP"	NA	NA
"Lead Machine Learning Scientist (Bayesian Inference,Statistics)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Machine Learning Scientist (Bayesian Inference,Statistics)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Lead Machine Learning Scientist (Bayesian Inference, Statistics)We are a tier one VC backed world leading Artificial Intelligence company, looking for a Lead Machine Learning Scientist (Bayesian Inference, Statistics) with strong skills within Probabilistic Programming, Bayesian Inference or Deep Learning to come and join our dedicated research lab; specialising in researching, applying and publishing papers within one of the most interesting and popular areas within Artificial Intelligence currently.As a Lead Machine Learning Scientist within our startup/SME (currently 600 people) you will not only help push forward our current work within simulation and virtual words - you will be a big part of helping us achieve our dream of building the most accurate Real Time economic model of the world and beyond. With the technology that we create, the applications could be endless.The way that we work is very similar to academia; so, if you like working at the cutting edge of AI research though feel frustrated at the lack of real world application - perhaps our Machine Learning Research team could be a good match for you.What we can offer a Lead Machine Learning Scientist A place in our world-class Research team amongst some of the industry's finest minds within Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Modelling and Probabilistic ProgrammingA chance as a Lead Machine Learning Scientist to attend conferences worldwide, collaborate with Universities and leading academics in the field. An opportunity to retain the culture of an academic researcher though within a company working on real-world problems.A chance to publish your own papersWe CAN sponsor visas and are very open to talking to people from outside the European Union too.Relocation packages provided.Keywords: Lead Machine Learning Scientist, Machine Learning Scientist, ML, Artificial Intelligence, NIPS, ICML, ICRA, BAYES, BIPS, Probabilistic Programming, Probabilistic Modelling, Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Bayesian non-parametric models, Deep Learning, PPL, Statistics, Neural Networks, DNNs, CNNs, GANs, Econometrics, Research, Computer Science, Python, C++, Java, Julia, PhD, MSc, DPhil, MPhil "	"London, UK"	"Science"	"GBP"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"JSDFBBE997/603304364"	"12/12/2018 09:10:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4OU"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company)We are a tier one VC backed world leading Artificial Intelligence company, looking for a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company) with strong skills within Probabilistic Programming, Bayesian Inference or Deep Learning to come and join our dedicated research lab; specialising in researching, applying and publishing papers within one of the most interesting and popular areas within Artificial Intelligence currently.As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist within our startup/SME (currently 250 people) you will not only help push forward our current work within simulation and virtual words - you will be a big part of helping us achieve our dream of building the most accurate Real Time economic model of the world and beyond. With the technology that we create, the applications could be endless! As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, the research that you create within the areas of Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Probabilistic Programming, and Probabilistic Modelling you could be able push forward work theoretically within the areas of Energy waste reduction, the affect of electronic cars on power grids, compleix decision making of AI agents and more.The way that we work is very similar to academia; so, if you like working at the cutting edge of AI research though feel frustrated at the lack of real world application - perhaps our Machine Learning Research team could be a good match for you.What we can offer a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist A place in our world-class Research team amongst some of the industry's finest minds within Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Modelling and Probabilistic ProgrammingA chance as a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist to attend conferences worldwide, collaborate with Universities and leading academics in the field. An opportunity to retain the culture of an academic researcher though within a company working on real-world problems.A chance to publish your own papersWe CAN sponsor visas and are very open to talking to people from outside the European Union too.Relocation packages provided.Keywords: Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, Machine Learning Scientist, ML, Artificial Intelligence, NIPS, ICML, ICRA, BAYES, BIPS, Probabilistic Programming, Probabilistic Modelling, Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Bayesian non-parametric models, Deep Learning, PPL, Statistics, Neural Networks, DNNs, CNNs, GANs, Econometrics, Research, Computer Science, Python, C++, Java, Julia, PhD, MSc, DPhil, MPhil "	"London, UK"	"Science"	"GBP"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"JS62422572/596762289"	"12/12/2018 09:10:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4OL"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Graduate Recruitment Consultant"	"20k Annual 00 GBP"	"Brighton, Sussex"	"Unspecified"	"Graduate Recruitment Consultant"	"Brighton, Sussex - 20k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Our client in Brighton is an award winning recruitment agency who provides intelligent recruitment solutions, specialising in niche technologies. They work in the market of brand new edging technology, such as driver-less cars, artificial intelligence, smart cities and new mobile technology. They partner with major clients across Europe in their hiring and sourcing for key projects. The ideal candidate will be hard-working, resilient and dynamic. This is a graduate opportunity so previous experience in recruitment/sales isn't necessary. The job changes daily and therefore makes it challenging. Our client will provide full training and future opportunities for development and progression. Our client offers a fun and dynamic work environment where you will be rewarded for your hard-work and commitment. Key duties include: Sourcing of candidates on job boards and LinkedInHolding initial phone calls to screen candidates and assessing suitabilityMeeting with candidates to discuss possible job opportunitiesSchedule interviews with candidates and helping with their preparation for interviewsProviding feedback to candidatesRemaining in touch with placed candidates and using their experience to educate the recruitment processBasic salary £18,000 - £20,000. OTE in the first year circa £30,000. If you have strong communication skills and are driven to succeed, this could be the right opportunity for you! Please apply today and we will be in touch. Why Red Robin? Red Robin Recruitment is a local Brighton based Recruitment agency. We appreciate that seeking a new job can be stressful and daunting. Whatever your employment situation we are here to help and excited to assist you in finding a great new opportunity. We pride ourselves on keeping you updated throughout the whole recruitment process. Our aim is to ensure you are best informed and prepared prior to interviews. We'll always give feedback or great news quickly. Recommend a friend! If this job isn't for you but you know someone that would be interested in it, contact us now to introduce your friend to us and find out about our referral bonus scheme. "	"Brighton, Sussex, UK"	"HR"	"20k Annual 00 GBP"	"Red Robin Recruitment"	"Red Robin Recruitment"	"JS3561_36717110/590124777"	"11/12/2018 07:05:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmr1e"	NA	NA	NA	"Graduate"
"Business Data Analyst"	"60k Annual 00 GBP"	"City, London"	"Unspecified"	"Business Data Analyst"	"City, London - 60k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Birch & James is partnered with an outstanding machine learning and AI driven data consultancy firm who are challenging traditional big 4 consultancy with innovation and outside of the box delivery science. We are looking for Business Data Analysts who are ambitious, motivated, innovative, and organised. Our client is a rapidly growing organisation that marries cutting edge technology with large scale transformation/change management. With a team of world class technical consultants they are delivering significant data driven changes within the financial services industry. Our client use techniques such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to help teams to foresee issues, improve productivity and deliver efficiently. We are looking for outstanding Business Data Analysts who have a drive to be part of something disruptive and ground-breaking. Key Requirements: 3+ years experience as either a data analyst or business analyst in Consulting/SI/Commercial/BankingStrong data utilisation and stakeholder management skillsGathering, challenging, documenting and presenting requirements in an agile transformation programmeStrong ability in using SQLCommercial experience evidencing creative, innovative or unique utilisation of data & analytics.Benefits: Be a part of a world class teamWork from home on Fridaysoutstanding work life balance challenging the traditional consultancy modelAttractive basic salary + sharesPersonal development enrolmentPersonal growth coachingWork with most cutting edge technologiesPension SchemePrivate HealthcareGym membershipUber for business All successful applicants will be contacted within 48 hours.  "	"City, London, UK"	"Consulting"	"60k Annual 00 GBP"	"Birch & James Associates Limited"	"Birch & James Associates Limited"	"JS3561_36720522/590369635"	"06/12/2018 09:10:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwak"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Data Scientist - NLP"	"55k - 70k Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Data Scientist - NLP"	"London - 55k - 70k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - NLP London £55,000-£70,000 + benefits + bonus Do you want to be building solutions to the most challenging business problems, using the most cutting-edge tools and techniques? This is a brand-new opportunity to join a global company where small changes drive massive impact in saving or producing the company millions. This company is investing heavily into finding the next top talent Senior Data Scientist to champion exploratory approaches to machine learning techniques, specifically NLP. THIS COMPANY: This household-name company has a clear vision and business plan, emphasising on a future where customer experience is made simpler. Future plans include bringing artificial intelligence/AI and IoT into their day to day work.You will be joining a culture that pioneers innovation and initiation in product analysis, receiving excellent training and learning opportunities as you will be reporting into one of the leaders in this field. THIS ROLE: You will be working closely with a variety of business areas and with large messy data sets, using Python, to build tailored machine learning products to generate high value and higher impact for the company. Exploring machine learning techniques, including natural language processing (NLP) and building algorithms, in Python, for feature extractionBuilding machine learning models for feature extraction to develop upon brand-new and existing products, using PythonPerforming text analysis on social media textual data using NLP in PythonYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: The successful Senior Data Scientist will have applied natural language processing techniques, using Python, to an industry problemThe ideal Senior Data Scientist will have developed machine learning solutions, in Python, for feature extraction to solve customer analytics problemsExperience performing natural language processing of textual data and creating insights that have been used to improve revenueAbility to effectively deliver complex technical concepts to non-technical management and stakeholdersTHE BENEFITS: £55,000-£70,000BonusPension"	"London, UK"	"Science"	"55k - 70k Annual GBP"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36488561/596925986"	"06/12/2018 09:10:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwaW"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Associate Project Assurance"	"- GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Associate Project Assurance"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"A career within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit. About the team Risk Assurance in the South East (RAiSE) is one of the largest businesses in PwC's UK firm and a strategic priority for growth. And we're growing. Fast. We provide external audit and risk assurance services to a broad range of clients, from large multinationals to tech start-ups, from our six offices. Our clients are from an incredibly diverse mix of sectors; from engineering to financial services and gaming to pharmaceuticals. Our proximity to big business means that you'll get to work on some of the largest and most complex projects across the firm and help to solve some of industry's most challenging problems, whilst maintaining an unparalleled breadth of client experience. All of our offices provide a supportive environment in which to grow and develop your skills. Outside of our client work, the offices have a great community and social programme. We pride ourselves on our community affairs activities from volunteering support and fundraising days. We have a lively and active social scene and numerous networks that you can involve yourself in. In the South East we take very seriously the Firm's commitment to ensuring that you can maintain a healthy balance in your working life. A significant number of our staff are on formal flexible working patterns and all of us are able to demonstrate everyday flexibility in our working arrangements. About the role The Technology Risk practice provides our clients with independent review and confidence in the technology decisions, applications and the platforms they operate. We partner with ourclients to provide assurance in relation to their activities spanning Technology Strategy and Transformation, IT Operations, Digital Integration and Emerging Technology as well as specialist Technology support for internal and external audit services. Technology and digital solutions have moved from being an enabler of business processes to becoming a key factor in long term business strategy. As clients identify and embrace new technologies and redesign their business operating models, the Programme and Projects Assurance team is growing to help our clients navigate the risks presented by what is often large scale change. PwC provides confidence over technology enabled business transformation programmes to ensure that agreed outcomes will be delivered and that risks are mitigated. Transformation programmes might relate to business systems such as SAP, Oracle, Workday, Salesforce and Microsoft Dynamics and include both traditional waterfall and Agile programme approaches. In addition, our team also assists our clients in developing and implementing programmatic enablers such as Portfolio Offices and Programme Management Offices across an organisation. You'll support the delivery of end-to-end delivery of strategy and transformation engagements for a range of clients. A highly motivated individual who is a keen programme and project assurance specialist, you'll build relationships with internal stakeholders and support and develop relationships with existing and prospective clients. Required Skills and experience. The ideal candidate will have expertise using leading portfolio, programme and project management practices such as agile project delivery, performance data analytics, programme management office development and operation and portfolio planning and delivery;. Experience of large transformation project/programme management. Experience of designing and implementing portfolio, programme and project management governance structures;. Experience of designing and implementing programmatic disciplines such as risk and issue frameworks and dependency management;. Benefits management experience including tracking benefits from identification to realisation;. Technology experience (eg but not limited to SAP, Oracle, Cloud. Mobile App or Artificial Intelligence). Project Management qualifications eg MSP, Prince2, MAPM, MoR, Agile, Scrum. Ability to communicate clearly with colleagues and clients at all levels, and excellent report writing skills. A proactive approach to problem solving and delivering client solutions whilst demonstrating integrity and courage to challenge the status quo. Can talk credibly with clients over technology challenges, issues and how to provide assurance. Assurance Assurance is a dynamic place to be right now, and the variety of opportunities on offer is unprecedented. It's work that really does matter. It matters for businesses, governments and society at large. Our team provides confidence on the most complex decisions companies have to take and this provides a wealth of opportunities to everyone who joins us and works with us. The skills we look for in future employees All our people need to demonstrate the skills and behaviours that support us in delivering our business strategy. This is important to the work we do for our business, and our clients. These skills and behaviours make up our global leadership framework, 'The PwC Professional' and are made up of five core attributes; whole leadership, technical capabilities, business acumen, global acumen and relationships. Diversity We work in a changing world which offers great opportunities for people with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We seek to attract and employ the best people from the widest talent pool, as well as those who reflect the diverse nature of our society. And we aim to encourage a culture where people can be themselves and be valued for their strengths. Creating value through diversity is what makes us strong as a business and as an organisation with an increasingly agile workforce, we're open to flexible working arrangements where appropriate. "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Legal"	"- GBP"	"Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP"	"Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP"	"JS10172677/600429933"	"11/12/2018 09:15:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsv1"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Associate Project Assurance"	"- GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Associate Project Assurance"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"A career within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit. About the team Risk Assurance in the South East (RAiSE) is one of the largest businesses in PwC's UK firm and a strategic priority for growth. And we're growing. Fast. We provide external audit and risk assurance services to a broad range of clients, from large multinationals to tech start-ups, from our six offices. Our clients are from an incredibly diverse mix of sectors; from engineering to financial services and gaming to pharmaceuticals. Our proximity to big business means that you'll get to work on some of the largest and most complex projects across the firm and help to solve some of industry's most challenging problems, whilst maintaining an unparalleled breadth of client experience. All of our offices provide a supportive environment in which to grow and develop your skills. Outside of our client work, the offices have a great community and social programme. We pride ourselves on our community affairs activities from volunteering support and fundraising days. We have a lively and active social scene and numerous networks that you can involve yourself in. In the South East we take very seriously the Firm's commitment to ensuring that you can maintain a healthy balance in your working life. A significant number of our staff are on formal flexible working patterns and all of us are able to demonstrate everyday flexibility in our working arrangements. About the role The Technology Risk practice provides our clients with independent review and confidence in the technology decisions, applications and the platforms they operate. We partner with ourclients to provide assurance in relation to their activities spanning Technology Strategy and Transformation, IT Operations, Digital Integration and Emerging Technology as well as specialist Technology support for internal and external audit services. Technology and digital solutions have moved from being an enabler of business processes to becoming a key factor in long term business strategy. As clients identify and embrace new technologies and redesign their business operating models, the Programme and Projects Assurance team is growing to help our clients navigate the risks presented by what is often large scale change. PwC provides confidence over technology enabled business transformation programmes to ensure that agreed outcomes will be delivered and that risks are mitigated. Transformation programmes might relate to business systems such as SAP, Oracle, Workday, Salesforce and Microsoft Dynamics and include both traditional waterfall and Agile programme approaches. In addition, our team also assists our clients in developing and implementing programmatic enablers such as Portfolio Offices and Programme Management Offices across an organisation. You'll support the delivery of end-to-end delivery of strategy and transformation engagements for a range of clients. A highly motivated individual who is a keen programme and project assurance specialist, you'll build relationships with internal stakeholders and support and develop relationships with existing and prospective clients. Required Skills and experience. The ideal candidate will have expertise using leading portfolio, programme and project management practices such as agile project delivery, performance data analytics, programme management office development and operation and portfolio planning and delivery;. Experience of large transformation project/programme management. Experience of designing and implementing portfolio, programme and project management governance structures;. Experience of designing and implementing programmatic disciplines such as risk and issue frameworks and dependency management;. Benefits management experience including tracking benefits from identification to realisation;. Technology experience (eg but not limited to SAP, Oracle, Cloud. Mobile App or Artificial Intelligence). Project Management qualifications eg MSP, Prince2, MAPM, MoR, Agile, Scrum. Ability to communicate clearly with colleagues and clients at all levels, and excellent report writing skills. A proactive approach to problem solving and delivering client solutions whilst demonstrating integrity and courage to challenge the status quo. Can talk credibly with clients over technology challenges, issues and how to provide assurance. Assurance Assurance is a dynamic place to be right now, and the variety of opportunities on offer is unprecedented. It's work that really does matter. It matters for businesses, governments and society at large. Our team provides confidence on the most complex decisions companies have to take and this provides a wealth of opportunities to everyone who joins us and works with us. The skills we look for in future employees All our people need to demonstrate the skills and behaviours that support us in delivering our business strategy. This is important to the work we do for our business, and our clients. These skills and behaviours make up our global leadership framework, 'The PwC Professional' and are made up of five core attributes; whole leadership, technical capabilities, business acumen, global acumen and relationships. Diversity We work in a changing world which offers great opportunities for people with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We seek to attract and employ the best people from the widest talent pool, as well as those who reflect the diverse nature of our society. And we aim to encourage a culture where people can be themselves and be valued for their strengths. Creating value through diversity is what makes us strong as a business and as an organisation with an increasingly agile workforce, we're open to flexible working arrangements where appropriate. "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Legal"	"- GBP"	"Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP"	"Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP"	"JS10172677/600429933"	"11/12/2018 09:15:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsv1"	NA	NA	NA	NA
