"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"	"company_summary"	"duration"
"Artificial Intelligence Engineer"	"£25k - £28k per annum"	"Weston-Super-Mare"	"Permanent"	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer"	"Weston-Super-Mare - £25k - £28k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer -Weston Super mare- £25k-28,000 per year iO Associates are recruiting on behalf of Q-Free, to on board a new Artificial Intelligence Engineer to join a growing team in a matrixed environment. This is a full time, permanent position.Q-Free is a global supplier of class-leading Tolling, Parking, Traffic Management and Connected ITS (C-ITS)/Connected Vehicle solutions. These have a global application and are constantly evolving providing a dynamic product line to work on.The R&D unit is currently a team of five which has open positions to immediately grow to eight. This team will work collaboratively with Q-Free's global design teams.You will gain exposure to the latest technology like Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision and mainly Python as a programming language.The below are requirements you must have in order to be considered:Bachelor or Masters Engineering DegreeData ScienceMachine LearningDeep learningArtificial intelligenceRoboticsPython ProgrammingDesirable, but not essential:Java programming and database knowledgeiO associates are the employment agency providing a shortlist of candidates to Q-Free to be considered. Please apply below or send your CV through to Charles at iO Associates for immediate consideration.The closing date for applications is 03/01/19"	"Weston-Super-Mare, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £28k per annum"	"IO Associates"	"Charles Hoskins "	"JS-JO0000015559"	"04/12/2018 08:56:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYOP"	NA	NA	NA
"Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert/Director"	"£75k - £150k per annum + shares"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert/Director"	"London - £75k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI) Expert/Director We are looking for a candidate to direct the continued development of an AI powered and Cloud Native trading platform that has had both academic and commercial experience. It will require ownership of multiple responsibilities, including the design and build-out of AI based components (specifically pertaining to NLP) and the ability to communicate and work effectively with the software Development and Test Engineering teams. An ideal candidate will have completed a PhD in NLP/NLU and subsequently worked in the financial services industry focused on speech to text and dialog engines.Essential skills and experience:* Masters or PhD in NLP/NLU* Expertise with NLP/NLU & Machine Learning * Familiarity with IBM Watson and other NLU engines (Rasa etc)* Experience with applying NLU in Dialogue Systems* Experience in enterprise grade microservices systems* Excellent understanding of REST and FIX APIs* Cloud AWS or PCF exposureDesirable skills:. Working knowledge of Java and stack development"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£75k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Sentinel IT LLP"	"Jennifer Hunt "	"JS-JHDBAI/NLP"	"30/11/2018 01:00:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkl1f"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Java Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Java 8, Kafka"	"£50k - £75k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Java 8, Kafka"	"London - £50k - £75k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Java 8, Microservices, Kafka.Company | I am partnered with a rapidly growing start-up based in Central London, who are at the forefront of Artificial Intelligence. They are looking for someone who is passionate about AI, Machine Learning and Big Data technologies. Role: Java Developer | You will be working on the main Intelligence platform, developing brand new Microservices and Back End APIs, as well as maintaining and enhancing those in place. There are several opportunities for continued learning in the cross-functional software development team.Required Skills (Java Developer):Java 8MicroservicesKafkaSpring BootDesired Skills (Java Developer):AWSDockerSQLBenefits: This is the perfect opportunity for a Java Developer looking to get into the AI space. This start-up will offer you a whole range of benefits, including bonus schemes, life insurance, equity, free breakfast, work from home opportunities, dress down and flexible hours!If you are an experienced Java Developer, looking to get into AI, please apply today.Java Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Java 8, Microservices, Kafka."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £75k per annum"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Tilly Warren "	"JS-AITW04"	"04/12/2018 12:03:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlZ9g"	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA
"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"London - £130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Agile technology delivery consultancy specialising in Agile Digital Transformation has entered the market looking for a Head of Artificial Intelligence to head up and grow a new business line for the organization.  Reporting to the CIO, the remit of the role is help drive the consultancy on the next chapter of its journey. You will be able to inspire your clients and your teams to develop them and the practice within the AI world.  Essential Skills:  Demonstrable track record of working in a leadership role within a large consultancy capacity, where you have managed large teams, delivered enterprise level programs of work and won & developed new business from scratch; demonstrable track record of working with and advising clients on there use of AI technology and then importantly having the technical foresight to be able deliver the solution to client; passionate and have a thought leadership type background within AI showing extensive knowledge around machine learning, RPA, Chatbots, Personal Advisors etc. My client is a highly respected technology consultancy based in a variety of locations across the UK, with over 1000 employees. However, this role sits in the newest part of the organization that has grown rapidly over the last three years building a strong presence within Big Data & Data Science and building out its AI capabilities is the next logical step on the journey. The core responsibilities for this role will include: Delivering high-quality AI consulting to clients around Advisory, Innovation Sprints, Alphas, On-going support/advice to AI delivery projects Grow revenue in line with the business plan Building a small, but highly expert AI consulting team Continually evolving the AI proposition to meet client expectations Writing and delivering client pitches and proposals Being a thought leader on AI both internally and externally This is a hugely exciting role for a candidate that has both a strong consulting pedigree helping build and shape consulting practices throughout their career but has a strong technical background to understand and help delivery AI technologies to a wide and varied audience. If you are positive person with a hands-on can-do attitude and a burning passion for all things AI, then this could just be the perfect role for you."	"London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	"ASAP"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Cloudstream"	"Ben Davis "	"JSBD/AICON"	"04/12/2018 08:59:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMoI"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Front-end Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Deep Learning"	"£30k - £45k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Front-end Developer - Artificial Intelligence - Deep Learning"	"London - £30k - £45k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We have a fantastic new role for a Front-end Developer to join a start-up who is currently venturing into the artificial intelligence and deep learning space.The Front-end Developer will have real challenges to solve from working with the team to produce a user interface to building a cutting-edge platform. Requirements for Front-end Developer: JavaScriptHTML5, CSSReact, Angular or VuejQueryAny experience with the below is a bonus:Back-end frameworksElectronData serialization/deserializationAsynchronous JavaScriptThey are offering benefits such as private life, health, dental and income protection insurance. Monthly team events out, training and development, 25 working days holiday and many more.The successful candidate should have experience with handling data communications between the Front End and back-end.If you are a Front-end Developer with the skills above, please apply."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£30k - £45k per annum"	"Oliver Bernard"	"James Crocker "	"JS-3039485"	"06/12/2018 18:13:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlzCF"	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA
"Lead Frontend Developer - React - Artificial Intelligence"	"£70k - £90k per annum + WFH"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Frontend Developer - React - Artificial Intelligence"	"London - £70k - £90k per annum + WFH"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Lead Front End Developer - React - Artificial IntelligenceA Lead Front End Developer is required by a rapidly growing start-up who are at the forefront of Artificial intelligence. They are expanding their team after securing another huge round of funding and are attracting some of the best people within AI.As the Lead Front End Developer, you will be working on their main Market Intelligence Platform, defining and building new Front End features alongside the product team, discussing new ideas with the CTO and CEO, creating and enhancing their test infrastructure for their Front End solutions, integrating with their Back End API and much else.Requirements for Lead Front End Developer: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JavaScript, ES6React, Redux, WebpackAgile, JS testing, CI/CDGit, Github, CodeshipAny experience with the below is a bonus:Heroku and Heroku pipelinesPython/DjangoAWSSQL (PostreSQL)The successful Lead Front End Developer will have full ownership of Front End for the company's products and will be responsible for defining future technology choices and making decisions. This role offers the chance to work autonomously and is perfect for someone who is interested in Artificial Intelligence!If you are a Lead Front End Developer with React experience, please apply.Lead Front End Developer - React - Artificial Intelligence"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £90k per annum + WFH"	"Oliver Bernard"	"James Crocker "	"JS-FE-345656"	"03/12/2018 15:38:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQqQ"	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA
"DevOps, Site Reliability, Kubernetes, Artificial Intelligence"	"£85k - £100k per annum + Bonus + Excellent Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps, Site Reliability, Kubernetes, Artificial Intelligence"	"City of London - £85k - £100k per annum + Bonus + Excellent Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"DevOps, Site Reliability, SRE, Kubernetes, Artificial Intelligence£85,000 - £100,000 Base + 20% Bonus + Bupa + Dentist + Pension etcWe are looking for a DevOps/Site Reliability Engineer to work in a Tech Lead capacity for our customer, based in the City of London, supporting, engineering and keeping a finger on the pulse of the latest Automation, DevOps and Cloud technologies, in support of a next generation Artificial Intelligence Operations platform, based on the very latest advanced Machine Learning techniques. The ideal candidate will be inquisitive and bright, with a keen interest in the latest Automation, Containerisation and Continuous Delivery techniques. You will be quick to pick up recent technologies and be comfortable with white-board sessions, explaining and evangelising on the latest DevOps technologies to the current team of engineers and Data Scientists. You will work with the software architect on the design, and take ownership, of the build and operation of the production cloud and standalone environments. As the DevOps team grows, you will assume the lead DevOps role within the company.The team starts work at 10am, and there will be some flexibility to work from home, after an initial phase when the platform will move into a production state. Office attire is smart casual, and there is a great general office vibe and banter across the team, who regularly meet after office hours for drinks and nights out.Job Overview: Implement practices automating continuous testing/integration/delivery (CI/CD) processesDesign, configure, and manage auto-scaling for microservices and application clusters in application environmentsMonitor and tune the application environmentsYou will have the following knowledge, skills and experience:Creating, configuring & programming automation solutions (python and bash Scripting)Excellent understanding of Linux systemsExperienced with Docker and KubernetesExperienced with cloud providers like AWS/Google Cloud/Azure (preferable GCP)Deep understanding of CI/CDExcellent understanding and experience with the entire software delivery life cycleStrong understanding of distributed systems.Monitoring with PrometheusUnderstanding of advanced cryptography, including asymmetric (pub/priv key), symmetric, hash functions and encryption/signatures.Nice to Have'sPrevious experience in software engineering, preferably with some experience of JAVA frameworks.Knowledge of CI/CD tools like Travis-CI and Gitlab-CIBig Data Technologies: Spark, Yarn, Hive and OozieExperience building systems with Spark Streaming and KafkaExperience working with NoSQL databases such as HBase, Cassandra.Experience installing, configuring and maintaining enterprise Hadoop environments (Cloudera/MapR/Hortonworks)Understanding of Service Mesh architecture"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£85k - £100k per annum + Bonus + Excellent Benefits"	"ResourceFlow Recruitment Ltd"	"Chris Wright "	"JS-SRE DEV NEW 12"	"04/12/2018 16:18:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glb9W"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Java Developer"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer  - Artificial Intelligence tech house  - Contribute towards creating tech solutions that go towards solving crime and making the world a safer place!  - Candidates from mid to senior level are encouraged to apply... KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  - Expert in Java development, with upwards of 4-5 years' commercial experience.  - Experience working on large business critical web systems and platforms.  - Strong background in Back End development.  - NICE TO HAVE: Knowledge of containerisation technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker... ROLE SUMMARY:  As Java Developer, you will become an integral part of a small tech house in the Artificial Intelligence domain, who are growing rapidly thanks to commercial success (with their products already being used by a global client base) and outside investment.  This will provide you with an opportunity to work on groundbreaking cloud based software solutions that leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence to help solve high profile crimes on a global level.  We are looking to attract candidates at mid or senior level, you must be an expert in Java with demonstrable commercial experience (ideally 4-5 years' upwards). Preferably your core expertise will be in Back End development, although full stack Developers would also be a valuable addition!  As part of a growing engineering and software team, you will get ample opportunities to grow - ultimately this company is looking for people who can go on to occupy future senior and lead level positions! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 07:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkimX"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Engineer"	"Up to £70k"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineer"	"City of London - Up to £70k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	" An Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning tech start-up revolutionizing the Insurance space is actively looking to hire experienced Data Engineers.   As a Data Engineer you'll join their Core Engineering team and have exposure to AI/ML techniques. You'll be involved in a variety of responsibilities working towards a common goal: solving real world Machine Learning problems.  The ideal candidate must have a can do attitude and be driven by challenges. Also, as a Data Engineer you'll have exposure to data providers and hence must have excellent communication skills. Requirements: Previous experience in working with large/unstructured volume of data Development abilities with at least of one OOP (ideally Python) Strong Python/SQL Scripting skills BSc/MSc in a technical discipline (Computer Science/Mathematics/Engineering/Physics etc ) Benefits: Competitive salary + Stock options Pension scheme Flexible working environment Snack, Brunch and social events! For immediate feedback and to avoid any disappointment, please apply now with a CV."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Up to £70k"	"Durlston Partners"	"Sacha Rinaudo"	"JSDATA"	"05/12/2018 08:39:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glke0"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Software Tester (Automation)"	"£45k - £60k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Tester (Automation)"	"London - £45k - £60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior Automation Tester  - Groundbreaking Artificial Intelligence tech house  - Opportunity to help spearhead a new Test/QA team! KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  - Demonstrable commercial experience in Testing (3-4 years' or more).  - Expertise in Automation Testing and setting up Automation frameworks from scratch.  - Experience as a Tester in a Java development environment. ROLE SUMMARY:  A tech house who devise groundbreaking artificial intelligence solutions, used to carry out video analysis for the purpose of solving high profile crimes on a global level, is looking to form and grow a new Testing and QA team - and are now recruiting for a Test Engineer who may have ambitions of playing a senior/lead role in a team longer term as it grows!  We therefore need a Tester with demonstrable commercial experience (2-3 years' or more), able to work in a fast paced environment with continually changing demands.  You must be highly proficient in automated testing, to the extent of being able to set up Automation frameworks from scratch. Ideally you will have done this in a Java development environment.  In return, you'll be rewarded with the chance to progress your career in an environment where you'll be exposed to a range of cutting edge open source and cloud based technologies, contributing towards artificial intelligence solutions that are helping to make the world a safer place! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £60k"	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 07:02:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiS8"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (WinOps) - Big Data/Machine Learning/AI"	"£85k - £95k per annum + bonus"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (WinOps) - Big Data/Machine Learning/AI"	"City of London - £85k - £95k per annum + bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (WinOps) - Big Data/Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence.Are you a DevOps Engineer that wants to use technology to improve the lives of patients in care? Whilst being able to set up and own the DevOps function? All whilst working with the latest technologies including BigData and Machine Learning.A DevOps Engineer (WinOps) is needed by scaling start-up who are looking to use the way data is tracked, managed and used to improve the way patients are looked after, treated with the ultimate view of using bid data and machine learning to predict changes in patient health.The founders had family members who they cared for and quickly saw how dated the way patient's data is tracked and how it is not ever used to improve patient care, to predict changes in health and to ultimately improve their quality of life.They have created mobile and web applications which automate the way patient data is collected and using a social media style UI they have improved the way this data is engaged with.They are scaling their technical team now and need a DevOps engineer (winops) to work closely with their developers and data scientist to be involved in setting up continuous integration and delivery to automate the way new features are released. Whilst also moving their application into Azure.What we need from you?Knowledge around windows infrastructure.Confident building deployment pipelines: Jenkins, bamboo, teamcity, octopus deployHave worked in an 'infrastructure as code' environment: terraform, ansible, puppet.Comfortable working very closely with developers.This is a great chance to own the function from scratch where you can make all calls with it comes to technologies and ways of working. They are currently hosted on site but are in the process of moving to Azure so anyone coming in will get to work with Azure and be involved with the migration.The team environment is small and close knit with views to rapidly expand so there is a lot of opportunity to grow in the business whilst also, working on an application which has real value!Talent Point is a Hiring Communications business, working as sole hiring partners with our customer. We've ripped up the rules and torn apart the Test Automation Engineer job spec to give you total clarity and visibility, painting a vivid picture (approved twice, both at Line and C-level) of the way this company lives, breathes and behaves, and how your role will look over years not months. We present only three applicants for every vacancy so, where we do represent you, you have a very high chance of securing a role with pre-booked interview times to plan around, in-depth vacancy details and no delays. Are you ready to seriously invest in your progression? Let's design your future.Talent Point is an equal opportunities employer and no terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation or any other class protected by applicable law.For information on how Talent Point manages and processes your personal information please see our privacy notice at talentpoint.co/privacy-policy"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£85k - £95k per annum + bonus"	"Talent Point Ltd"	"Jaspreet Manoor "	"JS-DEVAI"	"30/11/2018 17:02:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqly"	NA	NA	"Permanent"
"Java Developer - Oxford - Leading AI Company!"	"£35k-£47k + benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer - Oxford - Leading AI Company!"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £35k-£47k + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer required for a leading artificial intelligence company working on a greenfield project in Oxford on a permanent basis. Location: Oxford Salary: £35,000-£47,000 + benefits  Essential: Fluency with the Java language and runtime library Quick learner with an ambitious and results driven personality Work well as part of a team in a fast-paced environment Excellent communication and organisational skills Desirable: Knack for patterns and software engineering Experience with compiler architectures, parsers and syntax trees Passion for software engineering, patterns, refactorings C++ knowledge Responsibilities:  We are looking for an experienced Java developer to contribute to the development of our cutting edge program synthesis tool - Diffblue Repair. The work will focus mostly on greenfield development implementing features on top of our core synthesis engine. Projects will include implementing new functionality in our refactoring and repair tool, and researching new important features to implement. Features designed and developed by you will directly influence how programmers will work in the future. Our technology stack consists of a Java program instrumentation component and a C++ core synthesis engine. We have a minimalist approach to using external frameworks, with emphasis on maintainability and fast turnaround with TDD, DDD and Continuous Integration & Delivery. About the company: Diffblue is changing the way software is developed. We build products that have the potential to be used by every software developer in the world. We are automating a lot of repetitive coding tasks in order to make code safer, better, and cheaper to produce, letting developers concentrate on the real challenges. We are an Oxford University spin-off, founded in 2016, and the following year we raised $22 million in Series A investment to support our growth. Benefits: You'll get to work in one of the hottest tech startups in the world of advanced code analysis Free lunch Competitive salary Private health and dental plan 8% pension contribution Generous holiday (25 days) We'll arm you with all of the latest tech equipment "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£35k-£47k + benefits"	"TechNet IT Recruitment (Permanent)"	"Mollie Powell "	"JS"	"06/12/2018 16:47:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyVb"	NA	NA	NA
"Lead Frontend developer - React"	"£40k - 60k per year + Benefits"	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England"	"Permanent"	"Lead Frontend developer - React"	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England - £40k - 60k per year + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Lead Front End Developer - React or Angular - Artificial IntelligenceA Lead Front End Developer is required by a rapidly growing start-up who are at the forefront of Artificial intelligence. They are expanding their development team at the moment and are seeking senior development professionals in particular.As the Lead Front End Developer, you will be working on their main Market Intelligence Platform, defining and building new Front End features alongside the product team, discussing new ideas with the CTO and Head of design, creating and enhancing their test infrastructure for their Front End solutions, integrating with their Back End API and much else.Requirements for Lead Front End Developer: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JavaScript, ES6 experience with Modern Frameworks and libraries such as Vue.js, React and Angular Agile, JS testing, CI/CD Git, Github, CodeshipAny experience with the below is a bonus: Previous leadership experience PHP/.Net AWS SQL (PostreSQL)The successful Lead Front End Developer will have full ownership of Front End for the company's products and will be the driving force behind the company technically while leasing with senior design members to ensure a state of the art product. If you are a Lead Front End Developer with relevant experience, please apply.Lead Front End Developer - React - Artificial IntelligenceX4 Technology is a specialist recruitment business for the technology sector. We are part of the X4 Group, a multi-award-winning group of brands specialising in Life Sciences, Engineering, Construction and Technology, with over 10 years of experience in successfully placing mid to senior level contract and permanent professionals across the globe.Our network of world class talent sets us apart from the rest and allows us to deliver skilled professionals to our partners quicker than the competitionOur aim is to help businesses grow powerful teams that deliver against exceptionally high standards and we have partnerships with leading technology companies all over the world and have made placements in over 13 countries across Europe and the US."	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - 60k per year + Benefits"	"X4 Group"	"Connor O'Sullivan"	"JSFEAI"	"05/12/2018 12:37:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glm75"	NA	"About X4 Groupwww.x4technology.co.ukX4 Technology is an industry leading specialist recruitment business for the tech sector. We are part of the X4 Group, one of the fastest growing and most successful recruitment businesses, with over 10 years of experience in successfully placing mid to senior level contract and permanent professionals across the globe.Cyber Security Big Data Machine Learning & Data Science Business IntelligenceDevOps & Infrastructure Embedded Software Engineering Hardware & Electronics Java Development .Net Technologies Senior IT AppointmentsTestingPHP, Opensource & Ruby on RailsFront End TechnologiesSpecialist JavaScriptBusiness Development SEO, PPC & Analytics Marketing Fintech, Banking & Finance"	NA
"Senior/Junior - Full Stack Javascript Developer - AI, ML"	"£40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior/Junior - Full Stack Javascript Developer - AI, ML"	"London - £40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Javascript (Node.js/React), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's, Angular An exciting opportunity  To work at an extremely well-funded Start-up, utilising artificial intelligence and machine learning, with a track record of commercial success. This company offers highly flexible working hours; equity options and are looking for energetic and entrepreneurial people with 3+ years of commercial software development experience with some of the following - Javascript (Node.js/React/Angular), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's - to build a suite of applications. They are looking for somebody who can cover all stages of the development pipeline. Day to Day You will work in a small team of professional form varying disciplines taking responsibility for products and features. Building important products ranging from elegant dashboards to interfaces which interact with ML prediction modules. Improve your coding skills through support from an extensive code review, CI and thorough testing. There are remote working opportunities and they provide a flexible working schedule. Experience and Exposure 3+ years of experience developing software commercially. Ability to learn and pick up new skills, frameworks and technologies eg Javascript (Node.js/React/Angular), ML (Machine Learning), AI (Artificial Intelligence), API's. Working with teams in a collaborative fashion brainstorming to solve problems and supporting weaker members of the team to improve overall results. Desired Skills/Exposure  Exposure to IOT technologies. AI, ML or GPU Technologies. Commercial exposure to the transport sector. Management experience."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £75k + bonus + benefits"	"Optima Connections"	"Jim Smart "	"JSFULLSTACKDEV3"	"03/12/2018 11:27:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlN3S"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Software Engineer"	""	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Who is AMPLYFI? AMPLYFI is an artificial intelligence and advanced data analytics company headquartered in the Welsh capital. Our flagship platform, DataVoyant, is a game-changer in the sphere of business intelligence, informing organisations of global market trends, technology advances and emerging business disrupters to maintain their competitive advantage. It is a deep learning powered bridge between data scientists and Business Intelligence teams. We're based right in the heart of Cardiff, in Tramshed Tech - a funky co-working space for the creative and tech industry that's less than a five-minute walk from central station. We have the best of both worlds with our own large office space, as well as access to the co-working space, giving us endless opportunity to network with other cutting-edge companies and attend events and meet-ups. The AMPLYFI Team We're all about the team - it's super important to us that everyone gets on and enjoys working with each other. We like each other so much, that we even spend some of our evenings and weekend hanging out. Whether that's going to the cinema, playing beach volleyball or just grabbing a cheeky beer or two. One of our co-founders has proudly built an office bar that is always stocked with a great selection of ales, beers, ciders and wine! We're a pretty autonomous bunch, with a flat structure and a flexible approach to how we work. We encourage creativity and welcome people to share new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact. We're doing industry-shaking work so out of the box thinking is essential. We don't have a dress code and we have a flexible approach to work hours so you can be yourself and perform at your best. You should know that we are big dog fans with a resident pooch, Milo. As acting Head of Cuddles, he's always on hand to give you some affection and a boost when you need it. Working as part of AMPLYFI's software engineering team. We're developing software, tools and techniques to harvest huge quantities of data from the surface and deep web, process that data at scale to extract features and then feed those corpuses into our Machine Learning platform to identify emerging technologies, the companies behind them and how that fits into a global landscape. As a Senior Software Engineer you will have, or build an understanding of the whole stack, from web harvesting at scale, feature extraction, Machine Learning and delivering new and exciting insights to our customers. Software - C# .NET Core 2, Python 3, Angular 6, TypeScript Stack - AWS, Serverless, Message Queues, ElasticSearch Who are you? Have a number of years' experience in the joys and pain of production systems, preferably at scale. Knowledge of a number of programming languages, with a strong sense of the right, and the wrong, way of engineering things. You actively work to encourage and educate less experienced team members. You must be a forward thinker that can bring new ideas to the table. Have the enthusiasm and a flair for troubleshooting and problem solving. Pride and accuracy in everything you do. Ability to deliver to deadlines. If you would like to hear more on why AMPLYFI is an exceptional place to work, please contact Chloe Murray, Talent Manager, today. "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Talentbe - Amplyfi"	"Chloe Murray"	"JS"	"03/12/2018 07:03:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi22Q"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Full Stack Engineer"	""	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Senior Full Stack Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Who is AMPLYFI? AMPLYFI is an artificial intelligence and advanced data analytics company headquartered in the Welsh capital. Our flagship platform, DataVoyant, is a game-changer in the sphere of business intelligence, informing organisations of global market trends, technology advances and emerging business disrupters to maintain their competitive advantage. It is a deep learning powered bridge between data scientists and Business Intelligence teams. We're based right in the heart of Cardiff, in Tramshed Tech - a funky co-working space for the creative and tech industry that's less than a five-minute walk from central station. We have the best of both worlds with our own large office space, as well as access to the co-working space, giving us endless opportunity to network with other cutting-edge companies and attend events and meet-ups. The AMPLYFI Team We're all about the team - it's super important to us that everyone gets on and enjoys working with each other. We like each other so much, that we even spend some of our evenings and weekend hanging out. Whether that's going to the cinema, playing beach volleyball or just grabbing a cheeky beer or two. One of our co-founders has proudly built an office bar that is always stocked with a great selection of ales, beers, ciders and wine! We're a pretty autonomous bunch, with a flat structure and a flexible approach to how we work. We encourage creativity and welcome people to share new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact. We're doing industry-shaking work so out of the box thinking is essential. We don't have a dress code and we have a flexible approach to work hours so you can be yourself and perform at your best. You should know that we are big dog fans with a resident pooch, Milo. As acting Head of Cuddles, he's always on hand to give you some affection and a boost when you need it. Working as part of AMPLYFI's software engineering team. We're developing software, tools and techniques to harvest huge quantities of data from the surface and deep web, process that data at scale to extract features and then feed those corpuses into our Machine Learning platform to identify emerging technologies, the companies behind them and how that fits into a global landscape.As a Senior Full Stack Software Engineer you will have, or build an understanding of the whole stack. You'll be involved in searching and harvesting the web at scale, document feature extraction, through to delivering new and exciting insights to our customers via our SAAS offerings. Software - Modern JavaScript, C# .NET Core 2, Python 3, Angular 6, TypeScriptStack - AWS, CDNs, Serverless, Message Queues, ElasticSearch Who are you? Have a number of years' experience in the joys and pain of production systems, preferably at scale. Knowledge of a number of programming languages, with a strong sense of the right, and the wrong, way of engineering things. You actively work to encourage and educate less experienced team members. You must be a forward thinker that can bring new ideas to the table. Have the enthusiasm and a flair for troubleshooting and problem solving. Pride and accuracy in everything you do. Ability to deliver to deadlines. If you would like to hear more on why AMPLYFI is an exceptional place to work, please get in touch with Chloe Murray, Talent Manager, today. "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Talentbe - Amplyfi"	"Chloe Murray"	"JS"	"03/12/2018 07:03:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi22s"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer - London - 6 months - £400-450pd"	"£400-450pd"	"London"	"Contract"	"DevOps Engineer - London - 6 months - £400-450pd"	"London - £400-450pd"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A DevOps Engineer is required to work for an exciting artificial intelligence company who help companies become more profitable, optimize costs, meet or surpass goals or explain the reason for potential outcomes months before they happen through powerful machine learning. The DevOps Engineer will progress the development of API creation & deployment, cloud infrastructure creation & management, automation & Scripting. The DevOps Engineer will have the following skills: Creation of cloud infrastructure on either Amazon Webservices (AWS) or Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Automation, scheduling and Scripting Creation of multiple end-point API's (microservices) Python (core requirement) Node.js JavaScript Terminal (OSX) Docker Github January start date London 6 months £400-450pd"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"January"	"£400-450pd"	"NST Recruitment Limited"	"Andrew Evans "	"JSDE"	"03/12/2018 10:18:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlM5k"	NA	NA	"6 months"
"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Consulting Engineer/Semantic Specialist (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)We are looking for a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist (Artificial Intelligence, Analytics) to join our up and coming startup dedicated to bringing innovative research in semantic technologies to numerous applications including the financial services, industry and engineering/design.We are taking years of academic research from one of the highest-ranking universities in the world and turning it into a product that will improve vast areas of the commercial world. Laying the foundations for new generation data access with conceptual modelling, processing and the development of infrastructure to support analytical tasks.As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist within our business, you will be able to come on board utilising your experience working with different kinds of technical businesses; to have an ability to plug in to how different clients operate. As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, you will attend meetings with the development team, understand the platform in its entirety so that you can guide different technical teams through how it works.What we can offer as a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist:To be a part of an early stage start up with links to one of the world's most highly regarded institutions as well as some well-publicised leaders.To be a part of a rapidly growing startup, working in a very friendly flexible environment.To be a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialistin a brand new area of Semantics and Artificial Intelligence; right at the cutting edge of current technology. Key Skills: Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, Startup, BSc, MSc, PhD,Comp Sci, Mathematics, Consultant, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence. "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH5431"	"30/11/2018 11:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp32"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Consulting Engineer (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Consulting Engineer/Semantic Specialist (Semantics, Ontologies, GraphQL)We are looking for a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist (Artificial Intelligence, Analytics) to join our up and coming startup dedicated to bringing innovative research in semantic technologies to numerous applications including the financial services, industry and engineering/design.We are taking years of academic research from one of the highest-ranking universities in the world and turning it into a product that will improve vast areas of the commercial world. Laying the foundations for new generation data access with conceptual modelling, processing and the development of infrastructure to support analytical tasks.As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist within our business, you will be able to come on board utilising your experience working with different kinds of technical businesses; to have an ability to plug in to how different clients operate. As a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, you will attend meetings with the development team, understand the platform in its entirety so that you can guide different technical teams through how it works.What we can offer as a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist:To be a part of an early stage start up with links to one of the world's most highly regarded institutions as well as some well-publicised leaders.To be a part of a rapidly growing startup, working in a very friendly flexible environment.To be a Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialistin a brand new area of Semantics and Artificial Intelligence; right at the cutting edge of current technology. Key Skills: Consulting Engineer/Semantics Specialist, Startup, BSc, MSc, PhD,Comp Sci, Mathematics, Consultant, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence. "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £80k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH5431"	"03/12/2018 05:00:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHho"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"£120k - £150k per annum + shares"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"London - £120k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company)We are a tier one VC backed world leading Artificial Intelligence company, looking for a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company) with strong skills within Probabilistic Programming, Bayesian Inference or Deep Learning to come and join our dedicated research lab; specialising in researching, applying and publishing papers within one of the most interesting and popular areas within Artificial Intelligence currently.As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist within our startup/SME (currently 250 people) you will not only help push forward our current work within simulation and virtual words - you will be a big part of helping us achieve our dream of building the most accurate Real Time economic model of the world and beyond. With the technology that we create, the applications could be endless! As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, the research that you create within the areas of Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Probabilistic Programming, and Probabilistic Modelling you could be able push forward work theoretically within the areas of Energy waste reduction, the affect of electronic cars on power grids, compleix decision making of AI agents and more.The way that we work is very similar to academia; so, if you like working at the cutting edge of AI research though feel frustrated at the lack of real world application - perhaps our Machine Learning Research team could be a good match for you.What we can offer a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist A place in our world-class Research team amongst some of the industry's finest minds within Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Modelling and Probabilistic ProgrammingA chance as a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist to attend conferences worldwide, collaborate with Universities and leading academics in the field. An opportunity to retain the culture of an academic researcher though within a company working on real-world problems.A chance to publish your own papersWe CAN sponsor visas and are very open to talking to people from outside the European Union too.Relocation packages provided.Keywords: Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, Machine Learning Scientist, ML, Artificial Intelligence, NIPS, ICML, ICRA, BAYES, BIPS, Probabilistic Programming, Probabilistic Modelling, Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Bayesian non-parametric models, Deep Learning, PPL, Statistics, Neural Networks, DNNs, CNNs, GANs, Econometrics, Research, Computer Science, Python, C++, Java, Julia, PhD, MSc, DPhil, MPhil"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£120k - £150k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-SM-4011"	"03/12/2018 05:00:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhr"	"Executive"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Senior Java Developer"	"£60k-70k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Java Developer"	"London - £60k-70k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"I have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Java Developer to work for a cutting-edge artificial intelligence software. As part of the enterprise's growth plans, they are recruiting senior professionals, with strong Java development experience who can demonstrate they can pick up new concepts quickly. The engineering team is a vibrant and ambitious and is responsible for driving the business product portfolio forward. What will you be working on? The Senior Java Developer will play a key role in leading deliverables across our teams and mentoring less experienced developers through best-practices. As a developer, you will be working on writing performance critical code which sets the foundation of the application, as well as infrastructure and related tools. Technical stack, including Scala/Java 8 (AKKA, Spark, Lucene), SBT, TDD REST Services and tools such as IntelliJ, Git, Jenkins, YouTrack, and Docker. Key Responsibilities Ability to take ownership and see a project through the full SDLC and production maintenance Work directly with engineering managers to help deliver the product roadmap Learn about the company's products, the technology within them and taking a lead on the development of new features and bug fixing.  Coordinate and prioritize work Working with product managers to spec out new features Architect, implement and deliver quality software into an externally facing client product Ability to shift gears and work effectively in an agile environment Adhere to good development practices and promote these within the company and teams. Requirements  Ability to be a leader, a coach and to mentor less-experienced developers. Experience in Java, Design Patterns, Test-driven development  Java frameworks for inversion of control (IOC) and object-relational mapping (ORM), Concurrent and distributed system design  Experience working in an agile environment Experience Consuming and designing RESTful interfaces A good graduate degree (or equivalent) and the right to live and work in the UK Experience in large-scale data processing and/or Search systems (Apache Solr, ElasticSearch) is an advantage but not essential "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"January 2018"	"£60k-70k"	"Picture More Ltd"	"Jon Lewis"	"JS14341"	"05/12/2018 16:43:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpPc"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS"	"£20-45k + Excellent Benefits"	"Maidstone, Kent, ME15"	"Permanent"	"Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS"	"Maidstone, Kent, ME15 - £20-45k + Excellent Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS Overview: Firemind are a leading tech consultancy specialising in chat and voice bots, machine learning, IoT, artificial intelligence, blockchain, and EAS, app, and web development. It is a fast paced working environment where employees are exposed to bleeding edge technologies.  Role & Responsibilities: Candidates must be self-starters, digitally motivated, and be able to manage their own time. Essential Skills & Experience:  Javascript ES7+   React/Angular 1 and 2+/jQuery/vanilla   Webpack   AWS  Desirable:  Be able to complete https://github.com/ahmednuaman/javascript-tests   Package:  £20 - £45k ??   Great bonuses including a new phone every Xmas ??   Manage your own time ??   Great equipment ??   Treated like a grown up ??   Fortnite and Call of Duty matches ??   Chill office with cake, music, big TV sports, nerf guns ??   Get paid training ??  Junior/Graduate Full Stack Serverless Developer - JavaScript/NodeJS/AWS"	"Maidstone, Kent, ME15, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£20-45k + Excellent Benefits"	"IntecSelect"	"Stuart Kennedy"	"JS/SK/GFSD"	"06/12/2018 14:18:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glxc2"	"Graduate"	"About IntecSelectwww.intecselect.comIntec Select is a leading specialist IT Recruitment Consultancy which delivers bespoke recruitment services to some of the world’s leading organisations.With 20 years’ experience in IT Recruitment, Intec Select was founded on a wealth of experience and high-level, highly regarded expertise. We have built and established long-term relationships with our clients by delivering a quality service at competitive prices. As a trusted advisor to our clients we fully understand not just their technical requirements but also the right team fit for their environment. Each client is allocated an account manager from our team of dedicated consultants, each having a wealth of practical experience within the IT recruitment sector.Our focus is to supply clients with highly skilled staff, on a permanent and temporary basis, throughout the UK and internationally.Specialist sectors;DevelopmentTestingRDBMS Admin & DesignCloudDesktop, Infrastructure & Networking SupportBusiness Analysis, Project & Program ManagementBusiness Intelligence & Management InformationSenior Appointments CIO, IT Directors etc.UNIX SystemsCyber SecurityERP, ERM & CRM SystemsIT Governance & Risk"	NA
"Python/Java Machine Learning/AI Developer - Finance - £55k-£85k"	"£55k - £85k per annum + bonus"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Python/Java Machine Learning/AI Developer - Finance - £55k-£85k"	"City of London - £55k - £85k per annum + bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Python/Java Machine Learning/AI Developer - London based Brokerage - up to £85kPython/Java Developer required to work on the next generation of artificial intelligence(AI)/machine learning technology at a leading financial services brokerage in London. The team operate like a fintech within the organisation, focussing on creating cutting edge technical solutions within a collaborative and innovative environment, much of the work is greenfield.As a Python/Java Developer within this team you will also have extensive exposure to; Cloud AWS, JavaScript with react and openfin applications. This is an expanding team with a lot of investment being invested into their development with the AI/machine learning space too. The role will also give a strong Python/Java technologist exposure to the financial services market and provide an understanding of how large transactions are carried out and processed.The successful Python/Java Developer can look to receive between £55,000 and £85,000 base, plus a healthy package and bonus.Requirements:Commercial Python or Java development experienceExperience with Cloud platforms, ideally AWSExperience of working on the full software development life cycleIdeally experience or an interest in AI/Machine LearningFinancial Services experience desirable, but not essentialStrong academic profile (Computer Science preferred)Full job specification can be provided upon applicationMcGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£55k - £85k per annum + bonus"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Luke Nutley "	"JS-LN1423398"	"30/11/2018 16:29:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqhb"	NA	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "	NA
"Senior Systems Administrator (move towards DevOps)"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Systems Administrator (move towards DevOps)"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior/Lead Systems Administrator - progress into DevOps!  - Opportunity for an experienced SysAdmin looking to get more into DevOps.  - Artificial Intelligence tech house devising cloud solutions that help to prevent crime and save lives! KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE NEEDED:  - Demonstrable experience in Systems Administration in a Linux environment.  - Strong networking knowledge.  - Ideally DevOps experience, although the role could suit somebody looking to gain further experience in this.  - A preference and passion for working with cutting edge open source tech!  - Some of the following would also be advantageous: Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Python Scripting, AWS, Jenkins... ROLE SUMMARY:  A rapidly growing tech house in the artificial intelligence domain, with an internationally successful product set, is about to launch a new range of products and is therefore seeking a Lead SysAdmin/DevOps Engineer as a result of growth.  You will be working on cloud platforms that support state of the art AI solutions, and contribute towards solving high profile crimes globally, with clients including law enforcement and police departments across various countries.  You will need to be a highly experienced Systems Administrator/Infrastructure Engineer, capable of occupying a lead/senior role and taking full ownership of projects from end to end within a small team. Linux expertise is required, and ideally some DevOps experience or at least a desire to move further in this direction!  In addition, you will need to be well versed in delivering cloud based solutions, and ideally have a passion for working with exciting open source tech! "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Provide Connected"	"Sam Clayton"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 07:02:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiaQ"	NA	NA	NA
"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	""	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Product Delivery Consultant - Finance, Banking, Analyst, Data, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeDue to rapid growth this high flying software house with a sound grounding in artificial intelligence and machine learning is looking for another talented individual to join their diverse team. The team that they have backing them are true experts in building and growing cutting edge technology companies taking them to new heights.It is certainly an exciting time to be joining them.The skills that we are looking for is someone that has proven experience in writing rules ideally in technology with a finance/banking background that can comprehend complex client requirements, must have solid experience working with complex data and analysing this, up to date in producing documentation that is line with different regulations/audit requirements, the ability to use data manipulation with an understanding of databases such as SQL, directly working on customers requirements and used to presenting to others.Due to the nature of the role it requires someone to be analytically minded.A degree is not required but any supporting qualification would be welcomed especially from financial backgrounds.The Product Delivery Consultant role will give you plenty of different tasks to be getting involved with: acting as the industry expert, working closely with clients to understand their needs so that the correct rules and data are acquired, learning a deeper understanding of the rules, being a consultant of behalf of the company, assisting the internal team and other departments to understand different patterns and coach team members.This is a far cry from your usual opportunity and software house.Vibrant energetic team, excellent location, competitive salary and more perks than you can probably think of.We are excited by this client and we think you will be too.Sound interesting?Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employer.Keywords - Analyst, Banking, Finance, Cambridge, SQL, DatabasesModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer. By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Cambridge, UK"	"Finance, Sales and Marketing"	NA	NA	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154828"	"03/12/2018 14:48:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQI7"	NA	NA	NA
"Front End Developer ( Oxford City Centre )"	"£45k - 65k per year + Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, England"	"Permanent"	"Front End Developer ( Oxford City Centre )"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, England - £45k - 65k per year + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"JavaScript Developer ( React ) | Oxford | Up to £65000Are you passionate about the latest technologies such as Artificial Intelligence ( AI ), Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) or modern JavaScript frameworks such as React?An Oxford-based company is experiencing rapid growth and they're looking for a talented Front End JavaScript Developer to join their team in their brand new office in Oxford City Centre.This opportunity is for someone who is forward-thinking, and wants to work in a dynamic environment with the very latest technologies ( ReactJS and AWS ).Benefits of working at this Oxford City Centre company as a Front End Developer ( React ) -- Competitive Salary (Up to £65000)- Lunch paid for by the company EVERY DAY!- Pension contribution that's well above the national average.- 25 days holiday (plus bank holidays).- Flexible working hours- Working with the latest technologies including ReactJS, Cloud Technologies, AI.If this sounds tempting enough then please apply within or send your CV to (see below)  Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Business Intelligence, Development IT & Legal IT. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role.  "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, England, UK"	"IT"	"January 2019"	"£45k - 65k per year + Benefits"	"Venturi Limited"	"Sarah Cockerill"	"JS47072"	"05/12/2018 09:45:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gllah"	NA	NA	NA
"Developer/Technical Consultant"	"£40k-£50k"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Developer/Technical Consultant"	"City of London - £40k-£50k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Developer/Technical Consultant AI - London 40,000 - £50,000 +Benefit - Central London  Our client is an International Consultancy focussed on providing Cognitive & Artificial Intelligence solutions in central London. Due to increased success and a growing client portfolio, they are actively seeking a Mid-Level Developer/Technical consultant to join them on the delivery of some client crucial projects and management of business central solutions. You will be joining a highly specialised team of consultants working on cutting edge solutions for global professional service providers. The team is looking for sharp problem-solvers to work with some of the best Developer/Engineers in the market. Role:  Clarify client's system specifications, understand their work practices and the nature of their business and formulate technical solution designProvide technical expertise on consulting engagements in all stages including planning, analysis, design, deployment and testingBuild and deploy solutions in line with design specificationsPresent progress reports to the Project Manager or customer teams Skills & Qualifications:  Application integration and development using SQL/.NET/Web service APIsExperience in a client-facing, technical positionIdeally proficiency either of these languages - .NET, Python or JavaSQLWell-developed problem solving and critical thinking skills, with the ability to think creatively in a fast-paced environment Ideally a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science  "	"City of London, UK"	"IT, Engineering, Consulting"	"ASAP"	"£40k-£50k"	"Picture More Ltd"	"Michael Nyagwaya"	"JS#14342"	"05/12/2018 17:18:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpiJ"	"Executive, Public Sector"	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer - AI Platform"	"£55k - £70k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer - AI Platform"	"London - £55k - £70k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer position based in Central London - 55-70k Experience in Linux Systems and AWS?Wanting to get in the growing Artificial Intelligence Environment?Are you coming from a software background?If you are nodding your head to each of these questions then it would be great to hear from you as this opportunity will not be around for long. The company in mind works alongside all things in insurtech, you would be responsible for supporting and automating claims with the use of Artificial technology.This permanent position is well suited to an individual that is looking to advance their career in Artificial Intelligence and gain hands-on experience in a thriving and supportive workplace. The tech stack included within this role would be AWS, Ansible, Docker, Terraform, Jenkins. You would have the opportunity to work alongside other like-minded technicians who would support and develop your tech. So if you're looking to get hands-on in maintaining and supporting the research and working with some of the future technology within Artificial Intelligence then this is a too good an opportunity to miss. If this is of interest, please get in touch."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£55k - £70k per annum"	"Linuxrecruit"	"Dan Phoenix "	"JS-BBBH3243"	"04/12/2018 11:41:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlZuQ"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)We are seeking a Systems or DevOps Engineer with experience of complex Linux environments to work for one of the most exciting companies in the UK building artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicle technologies!As the DevOps Engineer you will have the opportunity to work with a team building next generation autonomous vehicle technologies using AI and Computer Vision to change the way we travel. You will be part of the wider DevOps team, focussed on improving CI, deployment process and cloud systems utilising modern automation and container tooling.Skills required for the DevOps Engineer;Worked within complex, scalable Linux environmentsBroad technical knowledge which could include Scripting or development languages and Continuous Integration (CI) tooling and methodsExposure to Docker, Kubernetes or cloud technology (AWS) would be very beneficial DevOps Engineer (AI, Robotics)Salary: £60,000 - £70,000 plus shares and great benefitsLocation: Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £70k per annum + Shares, Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Lynch "	"JS-MW-SSDO"	"02/12/2018 14:00:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFEo"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Senior Scala Engineer - Blockchain - Distributed Systems"	"£600 - £700 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Senior Scala Engineer - Blockchain - Distributed Systems"	"City of London - £600 - £700 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Senior Scala Engineer - Blockchain - Contract We are partnered with a brand new client of ours, who are looking for Scala Engineers to build the first of it's kind, next generation Blockchain/Artificial Intelligence platform. There is no-one who has ever done this on the market before. Some key points of the role -- Working on a really challenging distributed systems engineering project- Have the chance to engineer an innovative distributed ledger technologyTechnical StackAt Least 3+ years commercial Scala Experience.A keen interest in distributed systems engineering.Comfortable taking on DevOps tasks when needed.KafkaMongoDBKubernetes/DockerContinous Deployment Knowledge of Cloud infrastructureLocation - City of London"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£600 - £700 per Day"	"Oliver Bernard"	"James Egan "	"JS-BC5"	"05/12/2018 16:07:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo1E"	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	"6 - 12 months"
"Front End Developer JavaScript - AI start-up"	"£80k - £120k per annum + Bonus, shares"	"East London"	"Permanent"	"Front End Developer JavaScript - AI start-up"	"East London - £80k - £120k per annum + Bonus, shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Title: Front End Developer (JavaScript, React.js, AI)Salary: £80-120KLocation: East LondonFront End Developer (JavaScript) with commercial React.js experience is sought by a very promising Artificial Intelligence (AI) start-up within the finance sector. As a Front End Developer in an intimate team, you will be a critical decision maker in the direction of their product, whilst building and maintaining a high quality component library.Required skills for Front End Developer:5+ years of experience of JavaScript and JavaScript patternsExtensive experience in React.js/ReduxProficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issuesA passion for code ownership and testing strategiesThis is a great opportunity for an experienced Front End Developer who is keen to work for a product-focused company, which will be used by family & friends.The successful applicant will profit from a competitive salary + benefits (discretionary bonus, shares, and flexible working). Please apply.Front End Developer JavaScript - AI start-up"	"East London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£80k - £120k per annum + Bonus, shares"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Matthew Elstow "	"JS-FAD12"	"03/12/2018 18:32:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSrW"	"Executive"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA
"Python AI Developer - London Start Up - Multiple - £50k-£130k"	"£50k - £130k per annum + bonus/share"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python AI Developer - London Start Up - Multiple - £50k-£130k"	"London - £50k - £130k per annum + bonus/share"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Python AI Developer - London Start Up - Multiple Roles - £50k-£130kA rapidly expanding start up in London are looking to hire a number of python technologists to work on their artificial intelligence (AI) platform. Prior experience within the AI field is not essential, but it is highly beneficial to have a strong interest. As a strong Python technologist you should also be competent in one or more other programming languages (Java, Scala, Golang), as the team utilise and interact with a number of other systems.The company themselves provide services for a wide range of individuals and large clients, from small high street companies to tier one Investment Banks.They are open to speaking to a range of experience levels and you can look to receive between £50,000 and £130,000 base, plus package, bonus and potential equity share.RequirementsStrong Python technologistOther programming language experience (Java, Scala, Golang)Strong interest/experience within the AI spaceStrong communication and problem-solving skillsStrong academics (preferably comp sci, other sciences or maths)Full job spec can be provided upon applicationMcGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £130k per annum + bonus/share"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Luke Nutley "	"JS-MB89383474"	"30/11/2018 16:29:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqhd"	"Executive"	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "	NA
"Global Marketing Manager - London - £40,000 - £50,000"	"£40k - £50k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Global Marketing Manager - London - £40,000 - £50,000"	"London - £40k - £50k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Global Marketing Manager - London - £40,000 - £50,000 Lynx recruitment is working with an exciting start up who specialise within data optimization, Cloud and Artificial Intelligence. They are on the look out for a Global Marketing Manager to be based in their office near Paddington (London).The Global Marketing Manager is responsible for developing and executing on B2B marketing programs for each of my clients territories (US, Canada, UK and Europe) across their entire portfolio. You will report into the CMO, work with the marketing team and interact directly with the Head of Sales, territory leads and sales teams. You will be expected to be creative and propose new campaigns, present ideas for improvements to current processes, create excellent written content, manage events (paid and owned), partners and suppliers and report on all activities' successes. Your skills and competencies- A Bachelor's Degree- Experience in B2B tech marketing, with at least 2 years directly managing content marketing and brand awareness campaigns- Proven ability to lead own area of responsibility and deliver quantifiable results- Excellent copywriting skills- Full understanding of PESO channels and their appropriate use- Proficient in Google Analytics & AdWords, HubSpot (or other mainstream marketing automation platform), Wordpress (or other similar CMS) and MailChimp (or other mainstream email marketing platform) If this Global Marketing Manager role is of interest then please apply!"	"London, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	"ASAP"	"£40k - £50k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Bradley Parker"	"JS"	"06/12/2018 16:13:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyF1"	NA	NA	NA
"Network Engineer - Coventry - £48,000 - £57,000"	"£48k - £57k"	"Coventry, Warwickshire"	"Permanent"	"Network Engineer - Coventry - £48,000 - £57,000"	"Coventry, Warwickshire - £48k - £57k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Network Engineer - Coventry - £48,000 - £57,000 - CCNP, MPLS, OSPF Lynx Recruitment is working with a very exciting start up who specialise within Data and Artificial intelligence. I am on the look out for a Network Engineer to join their growing team in their Coventry office. The Network Engineer is responsible for maintaining the design and integrity of my clients global network, including customer-facing hosted and cloud environments. As the Network Engineer, you will provide expert technical assistance to clients, project and service teams. Skills and Experience:- In-depth knowledge of switching and routing protocols, to include but not limited to OSPF, RIPv2, BGP- Knowledge of WAN Technologies, MPLS, VPLS, VPN- Cisco CCNP or equivalent professional technical qualification- Working knowledge of software defined networking with VMware VCP-NSX desirable- Working knowledge of VMware and/or Microsoft Virtualisation Infrastructure- Experience designing, installing, configuring and maintaining large scale global network infrastructure If this Network Engineer role is of interest then please apply!"	"Coventry, Warwickshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£48k - £57k"	"Lynx Recruitment Ltd"	"Bradley Parker"	"JS"	"05/12/2018 08:30:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gh3nq"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)"	"£55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)"	"London - £55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning) £55,000 - £65,000 + flex workingWe are seeking a DevOps Engineer with strong development skills to help the improvement of DevOps process and tooling for a hugely talented team building artificial intelligence and machine learning platforms.The team offer a flexible working environment with the option of part remote work.We are looking for a DevOps Engineer who has:Strong development/programming knowledge using either Go, Python or Java (open to languages)Container knowledge using Docker or KubernetesBroad tech experience which could include CI tooling and process, automation or LinuxExperience with Solr search platformsAs the DevOps Engineer you will ensure vital, highly available Servers, systems and tooling are reliable, robust and scalable, proactively improving process and architecture, improving deployment process and working with the wider software engineering team to look into future operations improvements.DevOps Engineer (AI, Machine Learning)Salary: £55,000 - £65,000 plus benefits and flexible workingLocation: London"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£55k - £65k per annum + Flexible Working"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Jamie Carr "	"JS-(J2472)"	"02/12/2018 14:00:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFEl"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security"	"Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security"	"City of London - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Pre Sales Information Security Consultant - cyber, security, networking, degree, £competitive + benefits, Central London + travelThere is no doubt that this entrepreneurial and heavily funded cyber security organisation is on the of the worlds most successful cyber companies around. Their approach to cyber security involves the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning making them a pioneering cyber company to work for.It doesn't get much better than this.The type of person we would like to speak to will have operated in an Information Security type environment, solid understanding of networking principles, it is essential that you have graduated from at least a Russell Group university or an international university of similar standard holding the equivalent a 2.1 degree in computing, engineering, physics, mathematics, natural sciences or something related, breath and depth of consulting on various security topics or networking Cisco and Firewalls, confident with pre sales cycle and able to give examples of where you have collaborated with different IT teams to build and find solutions for clients, implementing some form of software system, providing after care and support, anyone that is fluent in another language would be a welcomed applicant but please do not be put off from applying if you do not possess another language, confident and well versed in speaking to clients from various backgrounds from ground floor to Senior management.Please ensure you are able to travel on an international basis and happy to do so at minimal notice - we think that's pretty exciting though.In return for you hard work you will be joining one of the elite cyber security companies, learning about a truly fascinating field, being the point of contact between clients and different departments within the company and deploying the companies cutting edge product.Plush Central London location, chance to travel, rubbing shoulders with some incredibly bright people, competitive salary + company bonus is all on offer.Feel free to apply via the link or just give us a call.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.MODIS are operating as an Employment Agency. MODIS are an equal opportunities employer Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Keywords - Security, Cyber, Information, Networking, London, University, Degree, Sales, Cisco, Firewalls, Modis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1153642"	"03/12/2018 14:03:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPo8"	"Graduate"	NA	NA
"BI Analyst"	"Up to £60k per annum"	"Waterlooville"	"Contract/Permanent"	"BI Analyst"	"Waterlooville - Up to £60k per annum"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"BI Analyst - Waterlooville - £60,000SQL, BI, T-SQL, SSRSBI Analyst required for a well-established client based in Waterlooville, Hampshire. You will work alongside a team of technical and product specialists delivering vital solutions. The role will be to undertake data analytical duties in support of Business and Artificial intelligence as well as Machine Learning projects. This role will initially be a 6-month fixed term contract.Skills required:SQLT-SQLSSRSQlikView or PowerBIProblem solving skillsAnalytic skillsKey responsibilities:Analyse data generated within the systems to help identify trends and patternsProvide support in relation to testing BI, AI and ML solutionsProvide input into data interface and/or integration projectsAnalysing data quality issues within our systemsIf you feel you have the skills and experience required, please contact Oliver Wilson on or email (see below)"	"Waterlooville, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Up to £60k per annum"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Oliver Wilson "	"JS-VR/OX9571"	"04/12/2018 15:04:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glbqs"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Analyst"	""	"Waterlooville"	"Permanent"	"Data Analyst"	"Waterlooville"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Data Analyst - WaterloovilleData Analyst required for a well-established client based in Waterlooville, Hampshire. You will work alongside a team of technical and product specialists delivering vital solutions. The role will be to undertake data analytical duties in support of Business and Artificial intelligence as well as Machine Learning projects.Skills required:SQLT-SQLSSRSQlikView or PowerBIProblem solving skillsAnalytic skillsKey responsibilities:Analyse data generated within the systems to help identify trends and patternsProvide support in relation to testing BI, AI and ML solutionsProvide input into data interface and/or integration projectsAnalysing data quality issues within our systemsIf you feel you have the skills and experience required for this opportunity, please contact Oliver Wilson  or email (see below) "	"Waterlooville, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Oliver Wilson "	"JS-VR/09571"	"30/11/2018 16:47:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqkG"	NA	NA	NA
"JavaScript Developer 2 Days Remote"	"£350 - 400 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"JavaScript Developer 2 Days Remote"	"London - £350 - 400 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"JavaScript Developer 6 month Initial contact Day Rate - £400Immediate startLondonResponsibilities Design, develop and deploy different components with a focus on high availability, low latency and scalability in distributed environment. They are a fast growing, research driven start-up building artificial intelligence that helps more stragetic business.Skill Set ReactJavaScript HTML CSS TDD We are looking to turn this around within a few days with phone interviews tomorrow. If you are available please send me your latest CV or call me."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£350 - 400 per Day"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Liam Moir-Holland "	"JS3"	"03/12/2018 17:31:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSKF"	NA	NA	"6 months"
"Data Analyst"	"£300 - £400 per Day"	"Hampshire"	"Contract"	"Data Analyst"	"Hampshire - £300 - £400 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"The RoleThrough continued business growth with the client they have a requirement for a Data Analyst who will work alongside a team of technical and product specialists delivering healthcare focussed solutions. The role will be to undertake data analytical duties in support of Business and Artificial intelligence as well as Machine Learning projects. The client will be required to delivers complex systems within the healthcare space, using Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Relational Data Managements Systems (RDMS).Key ResponsibilitiesAnalyse data generated within our systems to help identify trends and patternsRecommend process and system improvements based on patterns in the dataProvide input into data definitions, data schema designs and data focussed specificationsProvide support in relation to testing BI, AI and ML solutionsProvide input into data interface and/or integration projectsAnalysing data quality issues within our systemsProviding support for general queries on system and business dataEssential Education Qualifications and ExperienceUnderstanding of data processing, relational databases and large data setsUnderstanding of data analysis techniques and best practice.Educated to degree level or equivalentStatistics/mathematics qualificationsAt least two years data analysis experienceEssential Competences, Skills and BehavioursAdvanced SQL, T-SQL and SSRS SkillsWorking knowledge of reporting tools such as Qlikview or Power BIStrong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to liaise with a variety of stakeholdersProblem solving skillsFlexibleSelf-learnerThe ability to work within a pressured environmentExcellent Attention to detailThe ability to work in a team and individuallyGood organisational and planning skills with the capability of working towards tight deadlinesA passion for dataDesirable;Knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics NAV, CRM or Business CentralExposure to and knowledge of ERP and complex database systems"	"Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£300 - £400 per Day"	"Hunter Charles"	"Martyn Raby "	"JS-BBBH16758"	"03/12/2018 16:40:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRf3"	"Home Working"	NA	"6 months"
"Ruby Engineer - gain commercial Elixir, JS, AI, ML - London 70-80k"	"70-80k"	"London, Shoreditch"	"Permanent"	"Ruby Engineer - gain commercial Elixir, JS, AI, ML - London 70-80k"	"London, Shoreditch - 70-80k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"A leader in commercial Artifical Intelligence is doubling their development team and are hiring experienced Ruby developers and engineers with an opportunity to work in several core areas and look at cross training into new areas such as functional programming, artificial intelligence, data pipes and more. Core streams covered will be main API engine, web apps, mobile apps, tooling and data pipelines. You will be working directly with Artificial Intelligence and DevOps teams day in day out to continue the growth and build of live production systems leveraging AI for commercial use cases. Skills we are interested in seeing are: Ruby, Rails, Sinatra, React, JavaScript, Elixir, Erlang VM - don't worry if you don't have all of these, you soon will! Fantastic Shoreditch offices, a great stimulating team and environment to work in, ongoing commitment to your personal and technological growth such as annual training and conference allowances, cross training into up and coming methods and languages as well as a daily change to tackle real world problems, at scale and with the aim to retain the crown as global leader in the space."	"London, Shoreditch, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"70-80k"	"GL Global"	"Gordon Collier "	"JSGC-RUBYAI"	"04/12/2018 18:26:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glca1"	NA	NA	NA
"Business Development Executive - Cyber Security"	"£25k - 28k per year"	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England"	"Permanent"	"Business Development Executive - Cyber Security"	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England - £25k - 28k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Business Development Executive, (field sales) - Cyber Security£25k- £28k basic, double uncapped OTE, Pension, Health, DentalManchesterInteraction Recruitment is currently recruiting for a Business Development Executive to join a high growth global machine learning company for cyber defence. Their ground-breaking anomaly detection solution driven by unsupervised machine learning uses artificial intelligence to spot patterns on the network and prevent cybercrime before it happens. With ambitious growth plans and a culture of continuous development and innovation our client provides a fast track for progression. If you have a couple of years working in IT sales and looking to move into the security arena, helping to prevent Cyber attacks within a multi award winning organisation this could be the opportunity you are looking for. This is a Business Development role where you will be tasked with the full sales cycle from generating and following up on leads, demoing the solution and closing the deal within private and public sector bodies. This is a great opportunity for a graduate with a couple of years sales experience to make the move into a fully fledge field sales role with full training and an incredible marketing and technical team behind you. With growth rates of 600% a year since they were formed, the organisation can also offer ample progression opportunities. The company culture is one that heralds an open and honest environment where ideas are celebrated and everyone in the company plays a role in their success. To apply for this Business Development Executive role you must- Be bright, articulate, on the upwards curve. 1 year plus experience within a sales environment. Hold a degree/masters from a top tier University. Proven track record of success. Self-motivation and drive to succeed.This is a fantastic opportunity within a hugely relevant space. The company are multi-award winning so apply today to be considered for the role! "	"Manchester, Greater Manchester, England, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	NA	"£25k - 28k per year"	"Interaction Recruitment PLC"	"Emma Stuart"	"JS285308"	"30/11/2018 10:43:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp0o"	"Graduate, Public Sector"	NA	NA
"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst"	"Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst"	"Cambridge - Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Analyst - Spanish, Degree, Analyst, £competitive + benefits, CambridgeA top Cambridge based Technology Company who started out with a group of clever mathematicians and have now achieved global status. The company are certainly at the very forefront of technology and their reputation is now known within the fields of artificial intelligence and machine learning.If you are fluent in Spanish both written and verbally we would like to hear from you. Graduated from a premier university with a 2.1 or higher (or whatever the equivalent to this would be) in science, mathematics, computing, engineering, natural sciences or similar, a firm grasp of computing and it would be beneficial if you had any knowledge of computer networks although this is not essential, outstanding analytical capabilities which may have been gained from university such as working with data, enjoy working on investigative tasks and able to produce detailed reports is a must.You will have the opportunity to investigate a number of exciting projects, analysing patterns and anomalies and writing detailed reports for clients based on your findings.Plush offices in Cambridge, friendly team and company environment, mixing with other very bright academic minded candidates.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer. If the above job sounds of interest please apply via the link or give us a call.Please note we are on the client's supplier list for this position.Please be assured that your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would always speak to you before discussing your CV with any potential employer.Modis operating as an Employment Agency. Modis are an equal opportunities employerKeywords - Analyst, Graduate, Research, Cambridge, Mathematics, Physics, Job, PhD, MSc, BSc, SpanishModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Benefits"	"Modis"	"Mark Chapman "	"JS-1154681"	"03/12/2018 13:57:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPli"	"Graduate"	NA	NA
"SharePoint, .NET, C#, Dynamics CRM, Azure, Business Intelligence, BI, AI, West Yorkshire"	"£45k Basic salary + benefits"	"West Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"SharePoint, .NET, C#, Dynamics CRM, Azure, Business Intelligence, BI, AI, West Yorkshire"	"West Yorkshire - £45k Basic salary + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"SharePoint, .NET, C#, Dynamics CRM, Azure, Business Intelligence, BI, AI, YorkshireSalary: £45k + Benefits  Role and responsibilities:  The ideal candidate will work closely with the Business Intelligence and CRM Teams in the creation & delivery of solutions for Dynamics CRM, SharePoint and Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning. The role will require close co-operation with 3rd parties in developing integrations with various systems as part of service delivery to our members and strategic partners. Key responsibilities: Ensuring that best practises are followed for coding using defined architectures. Development & support of integration interfaces with 3rd party systems. Develop & support data integration sets. Maintaining applications. Provide architecture guidance & design of new software and web applications. Act as technical lead within a development life cycle environment Work in a Microsoft Azure environment. Work directly with project leads and key stakeholders for requirement development & clarification. Maintaining source code library. Using DevOps tools. Key words: .NET, Azure, C#, XML, JavaScript, HTML, Web Services & APIs, RESTful, SOAP, Java, Python, PHP, UML, MYBATIS, Node.js, Ruby-on-Rails, SOA Development, DevOps, CFEngine, Zookeeper, AngularJS, CSS, Hadoop, HBase/Hive, Hadoop DFS Please forward your CV for a full job description and immediate consideration. "	"West Yorkshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP - Will wait for notice period"	"£45k Basic salary + benefits"	"Sure IT Recruitment"	"James Crockett "	"JSSUREITWEYORK"	"03/12/2018 13:18:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPKu"	NA	NA	NA
"Principal Software Developer"	"£40k - £55k per annum"	"Belfast"	"Permanent"	"Principal Software Developer"	"Belfast - £40k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Principal Software Developer Want to work for an exciting and ambitious Belfast company? Your new company  Born and bred in Belfast with over 20 years' experience, my client develops powerful enterprise mobility solutions that combine mobile workforce management with dynamic scheduling, IoT and intelligent analytics. Bolstered with artificial intelligence, they have a proven track record of transforming organisations by increasing efficiency and driving operational excellence. Recently awarded 'one of Irelands Best Managed Companies' this is an opportunity too good to turn down!  Your new role  As the Principal Software Developer it will be your duty to lead an Agile team to develop application solutions using team selected technologies and designs. You will actively lead and participate in all aspects of the Agile processes including sprint planning, sizing from elaborated stories, daily stand-ups, shift-left automated testing, demos and retrospectives. Engage and nurture a team mind-set of continuous learning and experimenting. You will utilise a mixture of technologies including, C#, .NET Core, REST API, Swagger, Angular, Bootstrap, SQL Azure, Microservices, Azure Functions, Azure Bus, Docker or other team selected polyglot solutions. Other responsibilities would include actively supporting and helping drive applications to be fully cloud native, moving towards a full infrastructure as code and ensuring continuous development. You will participate and promote knowledge sharing within the Team and on a wider level. What you'll need to succeed You will need at least 6 years' experience in the Software industry ideally working with .NET stack or equivalent, as well as experience utilising OO design, design patterns and refactoring. What you'll get in return  A brilliant benefits package includes a fantastic salary, 25 days annual leave plus public holidays, a workplace pension and on-site Belfast parking. You also get a day off for your birthday!  What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Belfast, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£40k - £55k per annum"	"Hays DT - Northern Ireland"	"Juliann Deegan "	"JS-3488236"	"04/12/2018 20:00:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glcu4"	NA	NA	NA
"Java Developer"	"£40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Glasgow, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer"	"Glasgow, Scotland - £40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Java Developer/Glasgow/£40k - £60k DOE/Excellent benefits packagesSanderson are currently working with a market leading organisation, based in Glasgow City Centre who require two experienced Java Developers with varying levels of experience to join their organisations on a permanent basis.Working on a multitude of exciting projects (including robotics, artificial intelligence and big data) and using the latest development technology, you will play a key role in the delivery of business critical transformation programmes. This organisation are also incredibly focused on providing additional mentoring/training programmes and encourage their employees to continuously develop their core skills. Among a variety of additional benefits you can expect to become part of a friendly team with a great culture.Key skill/experience requirements are listed below:4 + years Java Development ExperienceKnowledge of JavaScript Front End development and Oracle PL/SQL Back End would be advantageousAppreciation of JQuery, HTML and CSS would be useful but not essentialExperience of using CI/CD tools (teamcity, ansible, jenkins, GIT etc.) would also be advantageousExperience in Test Driven DevelopmentExperience of delivering within an Agile methodologyIf you possess 4 + years hands on Java development experience, and you are interested in taking your career to the next level with a globally respected organisation, please respond with your CV ASAP."	"Glasgow, Scotland, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £60k per annum + Additional benefits"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Conor Ferguson "	"JS-553CFJD388"	"30/11/2018 14:35:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqIE"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Java Developer - Dynamic Hedge Fund!"	"£90k - £120k per annum + Bonus, Pens, Health etc"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Java Developer - Dynamic Hedge Fund!"	"London - £90k - £120k per annum + Bonus, Pens, Health etc"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Senior Java Developer - Dynamic Hedge Fund! Senior Java Developer - We are seeking a Senior Java developer to join a Dynamic hedge Fund based in the heart of the city. The ideal Senior Java Developer will be join a small team with big plans, who enjoy a flat hierarchy where all ideas are heard.The Senior Java Developer will be Developing Big data analytics and Artificial intelligence algorithms based on behavioural-finance analysis. The Senior Java Developer will then deploy these algorithms to analyse investors' behaviour and to make investment decision.The requirements of the Senior Java DeveloperExperience with micro-services and cloud-based deploymentAWS or GCP (google cloud platform) experienceYou can demonstrate your skills and experience in Java (and other languages)Experience working with a TDD/BDD environmentThe ideal Senior Java Developer will have a clear route of progression from the start and will be a key decision maker for the company. As the Senior Java Developer, you will be mentoring junior developers. There is scope to transition into a lead developer role as the company grows.Apply now for immediately consideration for an excellent Senior Java Developer opportunityUnderstanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£90k - £120k per annum + Bonus, Pens, Health etc"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Oscar Gibbon "	"JS-BBBH1757"	"02/12/2018 12:00:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEgF"	"Executive"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Senior Developer"	"£60k - £80k per annum + Bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Developer"	"London - £60k - £80k per annum + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Senior Developer Developer - C# .NETWe're looking for a Software Developer (C# Developer/.NET Developer/Senior Developer) to join an exciting project for a client based in Central London. The company are building out an application advising consumers on their finances, it is a revolutionary piece of software that helps customers reduce costs, save money and is completely personalised to them.The technology being used to power their platform is the latest Microsoft .NET and Open Source technologies on the market. Your work will see you involved with Artificial Intelligence (AI), which will see a Virtual Assistant answering/advising consumers on their finances helping them to reduce debt, increase savings, advise on hidden charges eating their savings and access trusted financial advisers at a fraction of the cost.As a Software Developer (C# Developer/.NET Developer/Full Stack Developer),on the Back End you will work with C#.NET, .NET Core with some MVC in parts, WebAPI 2/REST APIs, React, Redux, ES6, DynamoDB and AWS/Amazon Web Services. There are also messaging tools such as CQRS being employed too.The development team are an agile, closely knit team of Full Stack Developers, Cross Functional and Scrum based. You will join as a Senior Developer (C# .NET) and be part of a highly collaborative team of people, working flexible and where possible remotely.Senior Software Developer Experience:C# .NETAsp.NET MVC or .NET Core Web API/REST APISQL Server, ideally NoSQL tooIdeal Software Developer Experience:AWS/Amazon Web Services or other Cloud technology such as Windows AzureVueJS or ReactJS with Redux, HTML5 and CSS3Messaging experience in SQS, RabbitMQ, Service Bus, CQRSDocker, Kubernetes, Mesos etcApply today for a full job description!Salary - Upto £80k with BonusSenior Developer - C# .NET"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £80k per annum + Bonus"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Reece Graves "	"JS-C#FINTECH/APP"	"05/12/2018 16:18:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo5b"	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."	NA
"Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)"	"£350 - £500 per Day"	"Mansfield"	"Contract"	"Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)"	"Mansfield - £350 - £500 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)- Nottinghamshire- £350- £500 per day We are currently searching for a Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS) to join a global brand based out of Nottinghamshire. The successful Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS) to work on a range of projects for their internal functions.Key Aspects of this Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS) role:Demonstrate analytical and programming skills across a range of platforms.Ability to interpret requirements into working code.Continually improve skills, utilising provided training materials, and seek to expand business knowledge.Agile Development Process.Develop, test and implement code to departmental standards.Documentation and ensure proposed solutions are fit for purpose.Provide ad-hoc analysis and reports.Ensure that communication to the business is professional, clear and appropriate.Perform maintenance programming and correction of defects.Willingness to learn new technology such as Artificial Intelligence, automation or roboticsWork closely with other systems teams to ensure successful technical solution deliveryEssential Skills Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS):C#WebAPI and/or WCFMicrosoft SQL Server 2012+/T-SQL & Stored ProceduresDesirable Senior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS):Windows FormsWindows Presentation Foundation (WPF)Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS)/GitAzureOracle PL/SQLAzureOracle PL/SQLSenior C# Developer (C#, WebAPI, WCF, WPF, SQL, TFS)- Nottinghamshire- £350- £500 per day"	"Mansfield, UK"	"IT"	"Immediate"	"£350 - £500 per Day"	"Ampersand Consulting"	"Robert Legg "	"JS-AMPERSND1001"	"03/12/2018 12:18:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOd6"	NA	"About Ampersand Consultingampersandconsulting.co.uk/about-us/Ampersand Consulting are IT and Business Transformation recruitment specialists.  Headquartered in London, Ampersand recruit contract and permanent staff for clients across the UK and Europe.  Whether your needs are driven by new technology that forces you to adapt, or an insufficiency in skills is impacting your performance, our specialist consultants will provide a tailored service to suit your specific needs.  Business Specialisms: Senior AppointmentsPortfolio/Programme/Project ManagementChange ManagementBusiness AnalysisSoftware Development and TestingBusiness Intelligence and DataInfrastructureCloudDevOpsSecurityCore Technologies: C# .NETJavaQlikSQLOracleWorkdayMicrosoftAWS / Azure"	"6 months"
"Lead Python Developer - ETL to tackle fake news"	"£50k - £75k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Python Developer - ETL to tackle fake news"	"London - £50k - £75k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Lead Python Developer - ETL to tackle fake newsAn exciting startup are on a mission to tackle Fake News and Extremist Content online. A Lead Python Developer opening to create an AI Driven platform to assist journalists & the general public. Working to blacklist extremeist content to assist and advice advertisers & businesses, they're utilising the latest Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to predict and analyse human behaviour online.This ground-breaking start up currently enjoy the backing of Top-Silicon Valley investors and are partnered with Google's Search Engine team to make the Internet a safer place for users. We are seeking strong Lead Python Developers who are willing to undergo the challenge of creating a large-scale platform and lead a team of Python Developers/Django Software Developers. Essential Experience: Strong Python Development experience (Python2.7 or Python3)Understanding of ETL and Data Pipelineing (Prefferably within a Data Engineering background) Expertise with the latest WebScraping/WebCrawling technologies (Scrapy & Beautiful Soup and HTML parser)Use with scalable RestfulAPIs & Web sockets (Prefferably GraphQL and GraphQL subscriptionsStrong uderstanding of the practices around (TDD) Test Driven Development. & (BDD) Behavior Driven Development On a daily basis you will be working to create production-ready software and create scalable user applications which are capable of processing thousands of documents and websites over the Internet. We're offering Signiant equity and market-leading salaries.Get in touch or apply online for more information.  (see below) By applying to this advert you are giving CPS Group (UK) Ltd authority to hold and process your data for this specific role and any other roles we may deem suitable to you over time. We will not pass your data to any third party without your verbal or written permission to do so. All incoming and outgoing calls are recorded for training and compliance purposes. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Our new privacy policy can be found on our website."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £75k per annum"	"CPS Group (UK) Ltd"	"James Williams "	"JS-J14163"	"05/12/2018 14:45:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloJ4"	NA	"About CPS Group (UK) Ltdwww.cpsgroupuk.comCPS Group is one of Europe’s best technology recruiters. Headquartered in Cardiff, with offices in Manchester and Swansea, we are the fastest-growing, most profitable, independent recruitment company based in Wales. Working across four continents, we source and supply permanent and interim staff for the IT (Infrastructure, Networking, Development, RDBMS, Projects and Change) ERP (SAP, Oracle, Agresso, CRM, MS Dynamics) and Engineering (White Collar only) sectors. By thoroughly understanding what our clients need and by uncovering the best candidates, we place in excess of 1000 professionals a year into worldwide jobs. Our clients range from SME's to global PLCs and FTSE organisations."	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking space are looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"03/12/2018 08:19:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GdTdX"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking teamare looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"03/12/2018 08:19:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GcyEg"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Director of Sales & Consultancy (UK&I)"	"£75k - £100k per annum + Commision, Bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Director of Sales & Consultancy (UK&I)"	"London - £75k - £100k per annum + Commision, Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Are you an ambitious IT sales professional looking for an exciting new challenge? Would you like to join a growing technology business as they expand into the UK market? Can you demonstrate a successful track record of managing the whole sales process and leading for the front? Do you have experience working in the in Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Understanding (NLU) or Speech Recognition market? This is a high profile position that will play a pivotal role in the companies continued growth and act as the focal point for all sales in the UK ultimately building out a team with an aggressive expansion strategy and a clear focus on the B2B market.As the successful applicant your key duties will be to Identify and develop new business opportunities and convert leads into profitable opportunities, Communicate with key clients and partners on a regular basis to build awareness of the company and strengthen relationships, Negotiate and finalise contracts with key partners and customers, Negotiate and finalise contracts with key partners and customers. To be considered you will be able to demonstrate an exceptional and proven record of successful software-based solution sales, ideally with background in NLU, AI and contact centres solutions within the past 2-3 years. You will have a pro-active approach to sales and customer service combined with excellent organisational skills, it is imperative that you are able to work on your own initiative but also comfortable being part of wider international business. You will have experience building and leading a team, excellent communications skills including fluent English and ideally one more European language although this is not essential.In return we offer a competitive basic salary and OTE package, benefits and great career progression for the right candidate.Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. "	"London, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	"ASAP"	"£75k - £100k per annum + Commision, Bonus"	"Robert Half"	"James Turley "	"JS-JT-06030-500910"	"05/12/2018 12:59:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnLJ"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Business Development Manager"	""	"UK"	"Permanent"	"Business Development Manager"	"UK"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Business Development ManagerPermanentUK wide positionWho you'll be working withDo you want to make a real difference in your career, a difference that affects people's lives and transforms the way companies and government operate? Do you want to amaze people, to take them on a journey and show them something truly fantastic? Do you want to be at the forefront of the AI revolution?This is what we are doing at Capgemini.You will be working in Capgemini's global Insights & Data group; our goal is to help the organisations we work with become truly 'insight driven', to fully exploit their data using the convergence of Cloud and Artificial Intelligence to deliver real business value. We marry the most innovative insights solutions with rock solid, industrialised engineering. Our capabilities span Artificial Intelligence, Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence and Content Management. In a nutshell we help our customers to manage and get value from the explosion of Information they are grappling with.The focus of your roleYou'll be working within our Business Development team in our Insights and Data Business Line. The mission for this team is to work with our Market Units to help our customers to understand the value we can bring to them.You do not necessarily need deep hands on knowledge of the technologies within the Insights and Data space. Our Business Development consultants should have real experience trying to address business problems using data and information through analytics and AI, and a strong understanding of how different approaches can make a substantial impact on the outcome. The ability to engage senior customers, helping them to understand the business challenges they face and how Insights & Data can bring real value, through to advising on delivery is a must.The field of Insights and Data is clearly very large but you need to have knowledge and experience in at least one of Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence or Content Management. Ideally you will have strong business experience in one or more of Public Sector, Energy and Utilities, Consumer Products and Retail, Manufacturing, Telco or Life Sciences. We are especially interested in people with a strong background in Public Sector.We take career progression seriously; many of the Insights & Data UK management did not join in senior positions, rather they were given the opportunities from within to progress. We really do try to balance the needs of the business with the needs and aspirations of the individual it is in our interests for our people to be happy and successful.What you'll doOne thing we can tell you about what you will be doing is that there will be lots of variety. You will work closely with our Market Unit teams to raise awareness of the business solutions we provide from Insights and Data, typically taking these messages to senior customers. You'll also need to spend time with our customers, to listen and understand their challenges, helping them to understand how we can face these challenges. You'll also need to work closely with our Capability teams to identify and nurture offerings which position us in our customer base. You'll be responsible for growing our Insights and Data business within a specific sector or set of accounts, with a mix of proactive business propositions and responding to customer requests.What you'll bringYou're experience and knowledge of some of the domains below is important but we also value your interpersonal and problem solving skills. If you have a specialism in a specific sector we would be delighted to hear from you to discuss how you could be part of our team:Good understanding of at least one of the fields of Data/Data Science/AI/BI and Enterprise Content ManagementStrong evidence of your ability to build strong relationships with senior customersStrong experience in at least one of our sectors, ideally Public SectorGood understanding of the different areas of a business and their roles in an Insight driven transformationGood understanding of the realities of data within large enterprises and the challenges they face in gaining benefit from itStrong interpersonal skills with the ability to work with clients to establish requirements in non-technical language.We have a great team in Insights and Data and we are excited about the opportunities we have, we would love to hear from you. If you want to chat informally before applying, that's fine too.What we'll offer youProfessional development. Accelerated career progression. An environment that encourages entrepreneurial spirit. It's all on offer at Capgemini. And although collaboration is at the core of the way we work, we also recognise individual needs with a flexible benefits package you can tailor to suit you."	"UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	NA	"Pontoon - Capgemini"	"Ryan Heath "	"JS-RH-BD1"	"06/12/2018 12:37:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxTz"	NA	NA	NA
"Software Engineer in Test - SDET/Automation/SCRUM/Test Harness"	"50k-70k + benefits + stock options"	"Cambridge, Cambridgeshire"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer in Test - SDET/Automation/SCRUM/Test Harness"	"Cambridge, Cambridgeshire - 50k-70k + benefits + stock options"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer in Test - SDET/Automation/SCRUM/Test Harness Cambridge 50k-70k + benefits + stock options We are looking for multiple Software Engineers in Test to join our exciting new start-up in our custom built offices in Cambridge. We have assembled a world class team in Machine Learning, working on massive enterprise scale applications with limitless opportunities, driven by Artificial Intelligence, allowing us to push the boundaries of cloud computing.THE ROLE Working within one of our SCRUM teams, you will be working on a variety of different projects, some of which will include integration level testing, developing test harnesses and some feature development. The role will incorporate the following responsibilities:  Developing automated tests and test frameworks   Helping to improve the continuous integration pipeline   Help to automate the engineering process where possible  THE SKILLS you'll NEED  You will have a background in Engineering, ideally test and development   You will have good knowledge of an OOP language, such as Python, Java, C++ or C#   You will have exposure to continuous integration systems, such as Jenkins   You will have good knowledge of systems level testing   You will have a background in developing test harnesses and framework development and maintenance  THE SKILLS you'll LEARN  Additional OOP languages   Cloud Computing techniques and technologies   Learn about Artificial Intelligence   Although we are only small currently, we have aggressive growth plans and envisage doubling in size over the course of the next 12 months. Now is the perfect time for you to join us and help both us achieve our aims, but also achieve your own progression and targets in the future. We'll also pay you a market leading salary, but be aware...for the best salary, we will expect the best quality. Additional benefits include stock options, pension scheme, health insurance, gym membership and flexible working hours.For more details or to apply for this position contact Ben Toynton at Evolution Recruitment.Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role."	"Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"50k-70k + benefits + stock options"	"Evolution Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Ben Toynton "	"JS/B0T/632615"	"03/12/2018 11:30:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlN5q"	NA	NA	NA
"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading"	"c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading"	"Reading, Berkshire - c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Solutions Architect (Pre-Sales) - Digital Transformation - Reading - c£70K-£80K plus benefits The successful candidate will be a proven Pre-Sales Solution Architect professionally experienced in the UK public and private sector marketplace for digital transformation. You should be a technically aware in one or more of: Business Intelligence and Analytics; Data virtualization and Big Data; Azure and AWS; Application Development; Application Support and Maintenance. You should have experience of working within the IT technology sector and be capable of developing solutions from high-level client concepts for enterprise transformation. These will focus on next generation technologies such as: Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, RPA, Cloud Services and Machine Learning. You will have strong customer communication skills and the ability to communicate with stakeholders at all levels. Responsibilities Lead technical sales discussions and presentations with clients; Develop appropriate and customised technical value propositions to support the sales team; Provide technical leadership and consultancy to both internal and external teams, ensuring solution design is fit for purpose, whilst meeting time and budget restraints; Design technical services or plan system integration, selecting necessary platforms and technologies to meet project requirements and user needs; Author compelling client responses to (technical) questions in a Request for Information or a Request for Proposal; Provide estimates of solution cost gathering pricing from internal stakeholders and/or external third parties; Deliver customer audits and Proof of Concepts at client premises to develop business cases for investment. REQUIREMENTS 3-7 years of experience in an IT services technical role. Hands on experience acting as Solution Architect in an RFP/RFI process.s supported by other team members at busy times. Extensive experience of dealing with customers to understand needs and design solutions. Experience in leading technical teams and delivering user-focused services The ability to create solution design documentation. The ability understanding of how to prioritise work in a fast, customer-centric environment. Industry professional technical certification is desirable. Awareness of key industry players and maintenance of a strong contacts list. A knowledge of the off-shoring software development market. The ability to influence senior management and communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences. "	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"c£70K-£80K + benefits"	"Scene One Ltd"	"Allan Carlin "	"JSSOLUARCH"	"04/12/2018 09:42:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GYLPq"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Big Data Architect ( Scala/Spark )"	"£110k - 120k per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Big Data Architect ( Scala/Spark )"	"London - £110k - 120k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Senior Big Data Architect role is available for a world leading professional services company. Which specializes in transforming client's technology models for the data era and overall businesses. This role is for a Senior Big Data Architect with ( Hadoop/Scala/Spark/Spark ) in the extremely popular central London location. This Big Data service is part of the company's digital/analytics business and artificial intelligence unit. What's in it for you:  The Senior BIG Data Architect position will have a competitive salary of up to £120,000 plus bonuses and benefits Exposure to a cutting-edge learning environment Learn and develop your skills within DevOps and Big Data Competitive packages Direct influence on the end-to-end product life cycle Involvement to a lead machine learning environment  Required Skills and Experiences: Strong Data processing skill set with the Hadoop ecosystem Good experience with Spark processing and streaming Knowledge on Unix Shell Scripting, Hive and Hbase modelling and development Advanced in delivering data solutions using Big Data technologies Expertise in Scala Nice to have skills:Intermediate experience in delivering Real Time solutions like Cassandra, MogoDB or NoSQL Knowledge of machine learning Familiarity of deep learning frameworks Key Responsibilities: Working at a client site with an experienced consulting and delivering team Building platforms around Data ingestion, registration and Data provisioning Working closely with the Lead software engineers Confirming the development teams deliver the highest quality of Data products Applying your experience to improve and help resolve technical obstacles  Please apply for the position through this website.  Keywords - Big Data Architect, Hadoop, Machine Learning, Java, Python, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, MapReduce, Data Architect, NoSQL, Azure, BigQuery, DataFlow, DynamoDb, SQS, Lambda, Senior Data Architect, Business intelligence, IT, Spotfire, Amazon Redshift, IBM Datastorage, Hbase, Accamulo, Big Data Engineer, Hadoop, Machine Learning, Java, Python, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, MapReduce, Data Architect, NoSQL, Azure, BigQuery, DataFlow, DynamoDb, SQS, Lambda, Senior Data Architect, Business intelligence, IT, Spotfire, Amazon Redshift, IBM Datastorage, Hbase, Accamulo, Big Data Architect, Machine Learning, Java, Python, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Cassandra, MapReduce, Data Architect, NoSQL, Azure, BigQuery, DataFlow, DynamoDb, SQS, Lambda,  Venturi (TVGL Inc.) is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, sex (including pregnancy), gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military/veteran status, national origin, ancestry, race, creed, religion, sexual orientation, transgender status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, domestic violence victim status, criminal or arrest record, unemployment status, or any other basis protected by applicable law. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"02 January 2019"	"£110k - 120k per year"	"Venturi Limited"	"Ben Quinn"	"JSBQCY3765"	"02/12/2018 13:11:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE4I"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Head of Data - ML & AI"	"£100k - 140k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Data - ML & AI"	"City of London - £100k - 140k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"The London Market Insurance industry is transforming; I am working with a top 10, global name to identify a Head of Data who will devise the long-term strategy for the integration of advanced analytics and data science across the business. The ideal candidate will have an advanced degree from a red-brick university, a technical background, with experience of leading a team. They will have a strong understanding of data architecture, Business Intelligence through to machine learning and artificial intelligence. Previous insurance industry experience is preferred, but not essential. For further information please get in touch with Ahad Shadab @ HFG."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£100k - 140k per annum"	"HFG"	"Ahad Shadab "	"JSASH00958"	"06/12/2018 09:39:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwnF"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Director process reengineering - Lean and Robotic Process Automation"	"£100k - 115k per annum, Benefits: package commensurate"	"Canary Wharf"	"Permanent"	"Director process reengineering - Lean and Robotic Process Automation"	"Canary Wharf - £100k - 115k per annum, Benefits: package commensurate"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"PE backed Global Fintech enterprise wishes to appoint 3 Directors to work out of it's London or New York offices within it's Customer Operations. These brand new, very high profile positions will report directly to the Global Director of Process re-engineering, driving a culture of continuous improvement across Customer Operations to achieve operational excellence. You will lead teams to drive innovation, process re-engineering and Automation (Robotic process automation and Artificial intelligence) agendas across brand new business functions (customer on boarding, fulfilment and support), improving operational processes in order to augment efficiency, reduce cost, improve sustainability and maximise return on investment. In terms of your background it's likely that you will already have heavy exposure to Fintech environments (investment banking, broking, big data). This could be either from having worked in the fintech space (with exposure to Bloomberg products etc) or for leading Consultancy firms. You will have strong technical skills in process design with experience of Lean Six sigma methods (Black belt level or equivalent) and a natural curiosity to explore and champion new ideas You will also have strong communication skills, the ability to influence, make impactful presentations and be naturally collaborative These are exceptional opportunities to join an extremely well backed global fintech business, which has strategic partnerships in place with MIT, Microsoft and AWS and serves up 7 million data feeds every second!"	"Canary Wharf, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£100k - 115k per annum, Benefits: package commensurate"	"Morpheus Group"	"Mike Swetman "	"JSFINTECH"	"05/12/2018 17:04:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpbS"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Tier 1 Investment Bank - 6 month contract"	"£600 - £750 per Day"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Tier 1 Investment Bank - 6 month contract"	"City of London - £600 - £750 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Data Scientist - Tier 1 Investment Bank - 6 month contract - London A leading Tier 1 Investment Bank is looking for a senior Data Scientist to join their global markets office for an initial 6 month contract.The successful candidate will be an expert in building machine learning models from inception through to deployment and production.Essential RequirementsMSc degree or equivalent in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or similar quantitative disciplineProficiency in Python (or R) and SQL, and experience in developing and deploying models to a production system or commercial useDevelopment knowledge in Java (or Scala)Hands-on skills in machine learning techniques with demonstration in academic publications and/or online competitions like KDD-Cup, Kaggle etc.Familiar with one or more machine learning algorithms: content/collaborative filtering, NLP, non-linear/deep regressions, boosted trees, ensembles etc.Thorough understanding of full modelling process: exploratory data analysis, feature engineering/selection, multi-layer cross validationsExperience in developing prediction models in E-commerce or digital marketingA good understanding of statistics (eg, hypothesis testing, non-parametric methods)Ability to work collaboratively and proactively in a fast-paced environment interacting with both a non-technical and technical audiencesKnowledge of big data systems and NoSQL databasesPreferable qualifications and skill setA PhD in a quantitative subjectExperiences with big data frameworks ie Spark, Hadoop, Kafka etc.Previous experience with recommender systemsCommercial mindset and interest in digital and web contentA hacker's mentality to problem solvingComfortable in using open source technologiesInterest in keeping up with state-of-the-art machine learning by attending and submitting papers to relevant conferencesKnowledge or experience in developing/deploying to AWS or AzureEmpiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"City of London, UK"	"IT, Finance, Consulting"	"1/1/2019"	"£600 - £750 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-DS - 5/12/18"	"05/12/2018 16:51:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpSk"	NA	NA	"6 months"
"DevOps Engineer (Data)"	"£550 - £600 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"DevOps Engineer (Data)"	"London - £550 - £600 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Summary: Responsible for the development and operations of a Real Time data stream platform used for telemetry on several million devices across Liberty Global footprint.Essential Technical Skills: Wide understanding of IP Networking as well as data centre infrastructure; Solid understanding of Linux. Proven experience with deploying and tuning Open Source components into a production experience; Good Scripting and/or programming skills (bash, python, Perl, AWK, Java, Javascript ); Experience with data collection, analysis, transformations, storage and visualization, such as Elasticsearch, Kibana, Graphana, Cassandra (or other NOSQL DB)Desirable Technical Skills: Experience with configuration management/orchestration tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet or Salt); Experience with ELK stack on a high throughput high available environment; Experience with NoSQL technologies (Cassandra, MongoDB); Experience with Apache Kafka; Experience with Message Brokers technology (RabbitMQ, Redis, ); Experience with: Apache Mesos, Apache Zookeeper, Apache Flume; Experience with Statsd, Graphite and Grafana; Ability to apply statistical techniques to solve problems; Understanding of Artificial Intelligence methodologies; Experience with big data technologies and platforms.Essential Skills and Abilities: Is both a strong self-starter as well as team player; Must be able to work under pressure and be prepared to work outside normal working hours when necessary; Self-motivated and proactive in the working environment; proven ability to work with speed and accuracy to deadlines is essential; Has an ability to rapidly absorb new technical skills and learn new concepts quickly; Has a systematic, disciplined, and analytical approach to problem solving; The ability to build relationships and convey authority when needed at all levels in order to resolve conflicts and maintain direction; Takes responsibility and feels accountable for own and team actionEssential education and experience: MSc degree level ( or relevant experience ) on engineering, computer science (or related studies); Fluent spoken and written English; Hands on engineering tasks like coding, system configuration and integration; Experience with Open Source components on a production environment.Desirable education and experience: Experience with the development and use of data analytics from a software development, coding and database perspective.Major Job Duties and Responsibilities:Participate in the design, development and support of a Real Time data stream platforms.Participate in the design, development and support of automated test platforms.Develop and deploy software capable of parsing, merging and enriching data sets.Work with other teams (technical and business) on creating automated dashboards and reports which support the operations of Liberty Global's services.Work with other engineers on creating capacity models which support the operations of Liberty Global's services.Integrate new data sources as well as support existing integrations on data stream platforms.Hands-on involvement in building, deployment and testing pipelines (automated deployment and testing to ensure continuous delivery).Recommends on CI/CD (Continuous Integrations and Deployment) system solutions and associated automation implementations using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent.Design and develop in-life excellence solution like Fault identification, tolerance and recovery automations using Monitoring tools (local and on public cloud platforms) Nagios, Zabbix, Sensu, ELK, Cloud Watch, Splunk, New Relic etc. to trigger instant alerts, reports and dashboards. Work closely with the development and infrastructure teams to analyze and design solutions with four nines (99.99%) up-time, globally distributed, clustered, production and non-production virtualized infrastructure.Conducts quality assurance activities such as peer reviews.Creates appropriate documentation in work assignments such as technical documentation and associated assistance tools for usersAllegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. It is a company within the Allegis group of companies, the fourth largest staffing group in the world, (collectively referred to as the \"Allegis Group\"). TEKsystems, Aston Carter and Aerotek are trading names of Allegis Group Limited. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice. Please note when you give us your data, we will share it within Allegis Group and this involves the transfer of such data outside the European Economic Area, subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£550 - £600 per Day"	"TEKsystems"	"Thomas Duggan "	"JS-TEK61186"	"03/12/2018 15:23:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQfm"	NA	NA	NA
"QA - Automation - AI"	"£50k - £65k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"QA - Automation - AI"	"London - £50k - £65k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Hope you are well.I have a brand new exclusive role with an AI/Fintech business! This is for a tech start-up based in Victoria that have just created version one of an extremely innovative, complex and disruptive FinTech business. This has been extremely well received and not the next growth and development phase is underway.This platform combines Artificial Intelligence with the investment world at corporate level.We now need someone to come in as the first tester within the organisation to own QA for our new products. As we are a small business about to expand rapidly this is a perfect time to get involved for someone that wants to see their role and experience grow very quickly.The RoleAutomation QASome Auto some Manual, Selenium, Building testing frameworks from scratch, Java, Selenium etcLondon, Victoria£50,000 - £65,000 depending on experience + equityGreat role, Business, Package and location. Please pop me across your CV if you are potentially interested.Thanks,AbdiCharlton Howard is a Trading Name of Talent Point Ltd. Talent Point Ltd and Charlton Howard are equal-opportunity employers and do not discriminate against these or any other class protected by applicable law. No terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £65k per annum"	"Charlton Howard"	"Abdi Mohamed "	"JS-QA AI"	"30/11/2018 12:52:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp9d"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior QA Test Engineer - Automation - AI"	"£65k - £85k per annum + stocks"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior QA Test Engineer - Automation - AI"	"London - £65k - £85k per annum + stocks"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior QA Test Engineer - Automation - AISenior QA Test Engineer is required by our innovative fintech client to design the test suite and execute various different tests. Senior QA Test Engineer will build browser acceptance tests, API tests, BDD tests and non-functional tests. Senior QA Test Engineer will ensure that their products, applications and systems work correctly. This role suits someone with experience of working on complex software projects and a lot of experience designing automated testing environments from the ground up. Essential Skills include expertise in designing test suites and writing automated tests; automation testing expertise; proficiency in manual testing; Agile and BDD experience as well as an expert in Restful API automated testing. An interest in Artificial Intelligence would be useful for this role. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£65k - £85k per annum + stocks"	"Sentinel IT LLP"	"Jennifer Hunt "	"JS-JHDBQAAI"	"30/11/2018 12:39:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp9G"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - London"	"£700 - £850 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - London"	"London - £700 - £850 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - Global IT Consultancy - London An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Data Scientist to join a global IT consultancy who are looking to build out their AI practice in London. This is an initial 6 month contract with great potential to extend.This is a fantastic opportunity to join a data science practice which will soon be recognised as one of the leaders within this space. Rather than just building PoCs you will be able to take advantage of the enormous data sets and build actual machine learning products from inception through to deployment and production.Essential RequirementsMSc degree or equivalent in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or similar quantitative disciplineProficiency in Python (or R) and SQL, and experience in developing and deploying models to a production system or commercial useDevelopment knowledge in Java (or Scala)Hands-on skills in machine learning techniques with demonstration in academic publications and/or online competitions like KDD-Cup, Kaggle etc.Familiar with one or more machine learning algorithms: content/collaborative filtering, NLP, non-linear/deep regressions, boosted trees, ensembles etc.Thorough understanding of full modelling process: exploratory data analysis, feature engineering/selection, multi-layer cross validationsExperience in developing prediction models in E-commerce or digital marketingA good understanding of statistics (eg, hypothesis testing, non-parametric methods)Ability to work collaboratively and proactively in a fast-paced environment interacting with both a non-technical and technical audiencesKnowledge of big data systems and NoSQL databasesPreferable qualifications and skill setA PhD in a quantitative subjectExperiences with big data frameworks ie Spark, Hadoop, Kafka etc.Previous experience with recommender systemsCommercial mindset and interest in digital and web contentA hacker's mentality to problem solvingComfortable in using open source technologiesInterest in keeping up with state-of-the-art machine learning by attending and submitting papers to relevant conferencesKnowledge or experience in developing/deploying to AWS or AzureEmpiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT, Retail, Consulting"	"17/12/2018"	"£700 - £850 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-DS 1"	"30/11/2018 17:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqvn"	"Executive"	NA	"6 months"
"DevOps Manager - Lead Engineer Kubernetes - London 80-85k"	"80-85K"	"London, Shoreditch"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Manager - Lead Engineer Kubernetes - London 80-85k"	"London, Shoreditch - 80-85K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"A leader in commercial Artifical Intelligence is doubling their development team and are hiring a DevOps Manager or DevOps Lead to orchestrate a new greenfield platform build to support both production and AI development services. This is a rare chance to get a blank canvass to build a performant, modern setup for an existing live service. Conventional wisdom points towards a stack comprising AWS, Docker and Kubernetes, but there are also some discussions around possible Serverless routes as well. Your role will be to quickly assess and decide the best selections for the business and then architect, build, migrate and run.  DevOps and AWS services can include ECS, EC2. S3, Athena, Lambda, Redshift, EMR, Glue, Airflow. Any prior experience in supporting live mobile and web operations, Artificial Intelligence, data pipelines or similar would give you a stand out chance at progressing here. We are also open minded to people who would prefer to remain fully hands-on in a Lead or Principal capacity, but there will also be direct support from the CTO for those who would like to see more managerial or people leadership elements to the role - so we are happy to receive applications from those with or without experience on that front - it is your attitude and motivation that counts. Fantastic Shoreditch offices, a great stimulating team and environment to work in, ongoing commitment to your personal and technological growth such as annual training and conference allowances, cross training into up and coming methods and languages as well as a daily change to tackle real world problems, at scale and with the aim to retain the crown as global leader in the space."	"London, Shoreditch, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"80-85K"	"GL Global"	"Gordon Collier "	"JSGC-DEVOPSMGR"	"04/12/2018 18:41:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlcfG"	NA	NA	NA
"Software Developer/Engineer, Javascript, React, Cambridge"	"£35k - 50k per annum"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer/Engineer, Javascript, React, Cambridge"	"Cambridge - £35k - 50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer/Engineer, Javascript, React, Cambridge- £35,000-£50,000Tech: Javascript, React, HTML5, CSS This is a Front End Developer role, you will be using Javascript along with React to develop the Front End of products relating to the AI engine.The company: AI is a burgeoning technology, and one that fascinates many. My client are building an absolutely brilliant Artificial intelligence Engine, one that is specifically targeted at the Healthcare industry, and are looking for Front End developers with around 2 years' experience to help them achieve their fantastic vision.They are based in Cambridge.BenefitsCompetitive Salary (£35,000-£50,000)Exciting projects!A large amount of creative autonomyFlexible working hoursRemote working up to 2 days per week My client is reviewing C.Vs this week, to be considered or to find out more information please get in touch by clicking apply now to forward me an up to date copy of your CV. "	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"2018-12-21"	"£35k - 50k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Rory Donaldson "	"JS737637637378"	"06/12/2018 12:11:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxRy"	NA	NA	NA
"Business Development Manager"	""	"England"	"Permanent"	"Business Development Manager"	"England"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Business Development ManagerPermanentUK wide positionWho you'll be working withDo you want to make a real difference in your career, a difference that affects people's lives and transforms the way companies and government operate? Do you want to amaze people, to take them on a journey and show them something truly fantastic? Do you want to be at the forefront of the AI revolution?This is what we are doing at Capgemini.You will be working in Capgemini's global Insights & Data group; our goal is to help the organisations we work with become truly 'insight driven', to fully exploit their data using the convergence of Cloud and Artificial Intelligence to deliver real business value. We marry the most innovative insights solutions with rock solid, industrialised engineering. Our capabilities span Artificial Intelligence, Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence and Content Management. In a nutshell we help our customers to manage and get value from the explosion of Information they are grappling with.The focus of your roleYou'll be working within our Business Development team in our Insights and Data Business Line. The mission for this team is to work with our Market Units to help our customers to understand the value we can bring to them.You do not necessarily need deep hands on knowledge of the technologies within the Insights and Data space. Our Business Development consultants should have real experience trying to address business problems using data and information through analytics and AI, and a strong understanding of how different approaches can make a substantial impact on the outcome. The ability to engage senior customers, helping them to understand the business challenges they face and how Insights & Data can bring real value, through to advising on delivery is a must.The field of Insights and Data is clearly very large but you need to have knowledge and experience in at least one of Analytics, Data Management, Business Intelligence or Content Management. Ideally you will have strong business experience in one or more of Public Sector, Energy and Utilities, Consumer Products and Retail, Manufacturing, Telco or Life Sciences. We are especially interested in people with a strong background in Public Sector.We take career progression seriously; many of the Insights & Data UK management did not join in senior positions, rather they were given the opportunities from within to progress. We really do try to balance the needs of the business with the needs and aspirations of the individual it is in our interests for our people to be happy and successful.What you'll doOne thing we can tell you about what you will be doing is that there will be lots of variety. You will work closely with our Market Unit teams to raise awareness of the business solutions we provide from Insights and Data, typically taking these messages to senior customers. You'll also need to spend time with our customers, to listen and understand their challenges, helping them to understand how we can face these challenges. You'll also need to work closely with our Capability teams to identify and nurture offerings which position us in our customer base. You'll be responsible for growing our Insights and Data business within a specific sector or set of accounts, with a mix of proactive business propositions and responding to customer requests.What you'll bringYou're experience and knowledge of some of the domains below is important but we also value your interpersonal and problem solving skills. If you have a specialism in a specific sector we would be delighted to hear from you to discuss how you could be part of our team:Good understanding of at least one of the fields of Data/Data Science/AI/BI and Enterprise Content ManagementStrong evidence of your ability to build strong relationships with senior customersStrong experience in at least one of our sectors, ideally Public SectorGood understanding of the different areas of a business and their roles in an Insight driven transformationGood understanding of the realities of data within large enterprises and the challenges they face in gaining benefit from itStrong interpersonal skills with the ability to work with clients to establish requirements in non-technical language.We have a great team in Insights and Data and we are excited about the opportunities we have, we would love to hear from you. If you want to chat informally before applying, that's fine too.What we'll offer youProfessional development. Accelerated career progression. An environment that encourages entrepreneurial spirit. It's all on offer at Capgemini. And although collaboration is at the core of the way we work, we also recognise individual needs with a flexible benefits package you can tailor to suit you."	"England, UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	"ASAP"	NA	"Pontoon - Capgemini"	"Ryan Heath "	"JS-RH-BD1"	"06/12/2018 09:46:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwpD"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior .NET Developer | Reading | Amazing culture"	"£40k - £55k per annum"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior .NET Developer | Reading | Amazing culture"	"Reading, Berkshire - £40k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Senior Software Developer | £55,000 | .NET core | Azure | Microservices | MVCWould you like to work with .NET core and Azure?I am currently working with a International company with offices based in six different countries and they're looking for a Senior .NET Developer to join their development team based in their Central Reading office. They're experts in their own industry sector and for many years have trained some of the world's biggest companies' managers to be more effective in their roles. You'll be working on their SaaS product and in next couple of years will see them incorporate artificial intelligence and machine learning, data lakes and factories, cloud apps and more into their tech stack. Technologies you'll be using: .Net core, Entity Framework, DI, TeamCity, Jenkins, Octopus, Azure, IIS, VisualStudio Online/Azure Devops and git (training will be provided if you don't have experience in any particular technology) What's on offer - Salary upto £55,000, pension contribution, flexible working hours, working from home, fully paid training on the technical tools and platforms (including for Microsoft certifications). I am very confident opportunities like this does not come very often in the market and this is definitely not to be missed. Please call or email Deepak Sharma if you'd like to know more about the role."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£40k - £55k per annum"	"IO Associates"	"Deepak Sharma "	"JS-JO0000017507"	"05/12/2018 11:57:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glmuu"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Protection Manager"	"£70k - £80k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Protection Manager"	"London - £70k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Global Retail Organisation seeking Data Privacy Manager. Reporting to the Group Data Protection Officer, the Data Protection Manager is responsible for ensuring that all Group businesses operations maintain compliance with all current data privacy legislation and relevant regulation/codes of practice. This is a unique opportunity to dive into the depths of data privacy around up and coming technologies (Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, Machine Learning). You will play a key part in the drive of a mature privacy framework with a focus on Privacy by Design.Roles and Responsibilities;Providing expert analysis, assistance and Privacy Subject Matter ExpertiseIdentifying Data Protection risks from all areas of the businessAssisting the management and investigation of any data related breaches and risksProviding expert insight and subject matter expertise into due diligence on new and existing suppliers processing personal data including review of supplier data processing agreements and contracts.Review and complete privacy impact assessments completed by the business.Privacy Impact Assessments/Privacy Audits/Governance/StrategyUpdate data protection policies and standards providing SMEExperience Required;Min 4 years+ experience as Data Protection ManagerUnderstanding of all Data Protection Law including GDPR and ePrivacyPrivacy Impact Assessments/Privacy Audits/Governance/StrategyData Flow Mapping/Privacy Training and AwarenessExperience in evaluating problems, identifying core issues and recommending suitable solutionsThe ability to effectively lead and influence colleagues to ensure that they deliver high-quality work and remain motivatedCIPP/E, CIPM, ISEB QualificationExperience as: Data Protection Manager/Data Privacy Manager/Data Protection Officer/Data Protection Associate/Data Privacy Associate/Privacy Officer/Information Governance Manager/Privacy Specialist/Information Compliance Officer/GDPR/Data Privacy Officer/Paralegal/Lawyer/Data Governance/Information SecurityPlease submit CV's immediately."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£70k - £80k per annum"	"Marks Sattin"	"Jacob Gillard "	"JS-DPRET/0412/JTG"	"04/12/2018 10:25:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlY7r"	NA	NA	NA
"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New"	"£60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Manchester - North West"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New"	"Manchester - North West - £60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Project Manager - North West - Biggest UK Transformation Programme - New - Greenfield Would you be interested in helping successfully deliver a scale of transformation and profile project never attempted or seen before ? The overall Eco System is an incredible £6 Billion pounds and this particular programme tream is the most important and far reaching. You will be influencing the success of the entire system with Integration, Design, Build and Test. A full life cycle opportunity that is truly green field. Smart Co has helped this programme for 3 years now, however this particular project is the one we are most excited about. It will revolutionise probably the last true Digital Transformation and open the areas of Data, IoT, RPA and Artificial intelligence. Skills: Excellent stakeholder management - Internal and external Experience with System integration Design, Build, Test Phases Experience of multiple programme streams Large Greenfield project experience Exposure to complex multi supplier Delivery Programme Desirable: Telecoms or Wireless Networks Utilities Highly regulated environments Government sponsored projects (Although this is the private sector) You will also be talking daily to the wider programme community of Project Managers, Programme Managers and Programme Directors. This team is the number 1 Greenfield team in the North West and you will be also be gaining exposure to the latest technology stack as reported by Gartner. For a full confidential overview and to talk about our project time frames please contact Lloyd Norman Smart Account Director at your earliest convenience."	"Manchester - North West, UK"	"IT, Energy, Agriculture"	"Immediate 2018/19"	"£60k + Full Benefits + Bonus"	"Smart Co Consulting Limited"	"Lloyd Norman "	"JS/PM233309"	"02/12/2018 09:55:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEJi"	"Executive"	NA	NA
"Test Development Engineer"	"£40-45k + benefits"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Test Development Engineer"	"London - £40-45k + benefits"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Founded in 2004, T-Impact is a rapidly growing Digital transformation consultancy. We work with global brands on a wide range of exciting and challenging projects, using industry leading tools and technology. Our teams are comprised of business design and technology specialists, who work in Tandem to deliver extraordinary client benefits for both enterprise and SME businesses. We love what we do, and work hard to deliver outstanding solutions for our clients. T-Impact staff are engaged as thought leaders, supporting Digital Transformation projects for legal, banking, health care and retail clients and responsible for:  Developing Cognitive Analytics and Artificial Intelligence solutions.  Delivering Digital Innovation projects, a service layer comprised of technologies such as Robotics, Artificial Intelligence and Process Automation  Optimising Business Performance using our proprietary operational management and control solutions We have secured several new client engagements and are investing heavily to grow our teams. We are looking for a talented Test Development Engineer with in-depth experience of JavaScript, Test Automation, Test Scripting and Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Technical Skills in the following  Development  Javascript AWS Lambda AWS Dynamodb AWS Pure Serverless (Development happens without access to AWS server)Test Automation Protractor (Framework used in End to end testing in Angular APP)  Jasmine or any test Scripting exp (accessing web components & interacting with it) THIS IS A FIXED TERM ENGAGEMENT "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"2ND January 2019"	"£40-45k + benefits"	"T-Impact Ltd"	"Paul Hunt "	"JS PH TESTDEV"	"06/12/2018 15:58:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glx0G"	NA	NA	NA
"AI and Machine Learning Engineer - Central Bristol - up to £60K"	"£45k - £60k per annum"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"AI and Machine Learning Engineer - Central Bristol - up to £60K"	"Bristol - £45k - £60k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"AI & Machine Learning Software Engineer Central Bristol£45,000 - £60,000My client who are a cutting edge and fast-growing 3D visionary and Machine learning organisation based in Central Bristol are seeking and talented AI & Machine Learning Software Engineer. You would get involved with the core of their technology and shape its ongoing development.They are centrally based in Bristol which is a dynamic and vibrant multi-cultured city. From day one you will be a key member of the growing development team. You will be passionate about researching new concepts on how AI can advance this company.The Role: You will be joining their R&D Team and play a major part in improving their core product and investigating new applications of Machine Learning and applied Artificial Intelligence.You time will be spent becoming a subject matter expertise in this area and to stay up to date new technical developments.Skills Needed:Experience with one or more in the following programming languages: Java, C/C++, Python or JavaScriptDeveloping on Linux, OpenCV Strong background in Deep Learning and Computer VisionExperience in deep learning frameworks like TensorfloOther Skills:A clear communicatorUse your creative abilities will make a difference in technologyShow a passion for computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligenceBenefits: Relaxed, R&D environmentBe a part of a rapidly growing and diverse companyOpportunity to work on cutting edge technologyCompetitive salary25 days holiday plus bank holidaysGenerous pension schemeIn-house Gym Freedom to come up with new ideasGreat working environment in central BristolFlexible working hoursTo apply, please click below or, for more information, please get in touch with Hassan Lenga-Kroma at Sanderson Recruitment or email (see below) "	"Bristol, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £60k per annum"	"Sanderson Recruitment Plc"	"Hassan Lenga-Kroma "	"JS-HQ00092138"	"06/12/2018 15:06:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glxf2"	NA	NA	NA
"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech)"	"£75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech)"	"London - £75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech):We're looking for a passionate Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech) who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and bring their own relevant experience to an organisation that are focusing their Machine Learning Research and development on building an advanced Machine Learning platforms for trading and analytics, specifically within sporting.As a Software Engineer/Software Developer you will be a part of a very dynamic and collaborative team who are building a next generation platform, which will help turn prototype trading models into systems that are production-ready. You will be an integral part of their vision as they draw on their industry-leading machine learning research and development. You will be part of a small team, with opportunity to publish papers, work on own projects and collaborate on ML models and algorithms with your surrounding team members.As a Software Engineer/Software Developer you will be working closely with the surrounding Machine Learning Engineers, Software Developers, as well as the Research team - programming in Python and C++ mainly. What we can offer a Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech):To work in a high profile start-up who are self-funded and profitable alreadyStrong salary and package offeredFlexible working environment and hoursPublishing papers, time to work on own projects during the weekKey Skills: Software Engineer/Software Developer (Python, Linux, ML Tech); Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, start-up, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, Computer Vision, Machine Intelligence, Cython, Linux"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£75k - £90k per annum + company benefits, equity"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhm"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading,Python, ML)"	"£65k - £80k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading,Python, ML)"	"Cambridge - £65k - £80k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML):We are currently looking for a passionate Software Engineer/Software Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML) to join a tier-one Machine Learning start-up based in central Cambridge. This ML organisation have just received a huge amount of seed funding and are looking to expand their team due to increased demand for their unique, predictive technology.Within the company, you will be part of an agile environment and small team working on algorithmic trading strategies, using a combination of state-of-the-art techniques - such as time-series analysis, supervised learning, mathematical modelling etc. You will be a key driving force in how the organisation expands and how their Machine Learning technology is implemented.We're looking for a Software Engineer/Software Developer, who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and join a team of researchers and engineers who are paving the way in regards to AI decision making. Within this organization, you will be working mainly in Python, however the company are open to programming backgrounds eg Java, C++ etc.What we can offer a Software Engineer/Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML):Work as part of a leading Machine Learning start-upStrong salary and options offeredFlexible working environment, start-up valuesTraining available, working amongst leading researchers and engineersKey Skills: Software Engineer/Software Developer (Algorithmic Trading, Python, ML): Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, Start-Up, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, TDD, Clean Code, Supervised Learning, Time-Series Analysis, Predictive Models"	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£65k - £80k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhe"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Machine Learning Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting)"	"£100k - £150k per annum + bonuses"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Machine Learning Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting)"	"London - £100k - £150k per annum + bonuses"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting)We are looking for a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher (NLP, Times series forecasting) to join our dedicated Machine Learning Research team; helping us to cQreate some of the most advanced predictive Machine Learning models in the world and implement them within the financial markets.Culturally, we would describe ourselves as a startup within a larger organisation. The way we operate is very similar to academia, so as a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher you will be asked to go away and read the latest publications within the fields of Deep Learning/Reinforcement Learning/Bayesian Inference/Gaussian Process/Times Series Forecasting and look at new and innovative ways you could implement this within our business. As a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher if you enjoyed the style in which you conducted your postdoctoral research or your PhD - though felt a frustration with no 'real-world impact' - this could be a good move for you. Our fund manages nearing thirty billion dollars; a growing number year on year. What we can offer a Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher (Deep Learning, Predictive Models)A place in a leading hedge fund working with the some of the brightest minds in the ML-for-finance industryNon-hierarchical structure, startup culture, hack rooms + music roomsTo be a part of something bigger with the ML community; we host ML meetups attending by leading academics/industry leadersA chance to publish your own papersTo join a dedicated team of 7 ML Researchers, as we grow to ten people in 2018.Key Skills: Machine Learning Researcher/Quantitative Researcher, Quantitative Researcher, ML, Artificial Intelligence, AI, Hedge Fund, Neural Networks, Python, Gaussian Process, Bayesian Inference, Time-Series, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Probabilistic Models, Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing, Markov Models, Signal Processing, Computational Statistics, Econometrics"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£100k - £150k per annum + bonuses"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-SM-4011"	"03/12/2018 05:00:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhz"	"Executive"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference)"	"£125k - £150k per annum + bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference)"	"London - £125k - £150k per annum + bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference)We are looking for a Quantitative Researcher (Machine Learning, NLP, Stat Inference) to join our world leading research company; helping us to predict the future of financial markets.If you enjoyed the style of working in academia but also like the idea of working for one of the largest research companies in the world, this could be the right step for you. As a Quantitative Researcher, you would be working on a variety of different areas like Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Bayesian statistics, approximate inference, Time-Series forecasting and probabilistic models. You would be working in a small team of Quantitative Researchers on dedicated projects enjoying flexible working hours and a lot of freedom regarding you research.What we can offer a Quantitative Researcher the following:The chance to work for a leading research companyFlexible working hours, the freedom to work on your projects the way you prefer, a great company culture and exceptional team spiritThe chance to work on exciting real-world problems within Machine LearningA chance to visit the leading conferences in Machine Learning (NIPS, ICML) and the opportunity to publish your own papersBeing a part of a small team of Quantitative Researchers with the chance to enjoy an exceptional working environment including team events, team building activities and a dedicated open working spaceRelocation package and visa sponsorship supplied for the right candidateKey Skills: Quantitative Researcher, Quantitative Researcher, ML, Artificial Intelligence, AI, Finance, Neural Networks, Python, Gaussian Process, Bayesian Inference, Time-Series, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Probabilistic Models, Approximate Inference, Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing, Markov Models, Signal Processing, Computational Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematical Modelling"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£125k - £150k per annum + bonus"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHh4"	"Executive"	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars)"	"£45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars)We're looking for a passionate C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars) who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and bring their own relevant experience in C++, to a company currently disrupting approaches to autonomous vehicles. You will be an influential voice within the company at this period of huge growth and success, collaborating alongside some of the UK's largest organisations - mainly programming in C++.As a C++ Developer/C++ Engineer you will be working closely with the Computer Vision and Machine Learning Engineers, as well as the Engineering team. Within this organization, you will have the opportunity to create self-determining vehicles that are not only learning from their own behaviours, but also tackling real-world issues eg urban cities, human overpopulation.As a C++ Developer/C++ Engineer, you will be applying complex algorithms to our software stack on a huge scale, targeting the advancement of fully autonomous agents. We are looking for C++ Developers/C++ Engineers who aren't afraid to take risks in the face of huge technical challenges, advancing current models used for our world-class autonomous vehicles.What we can offer a C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars):To work in a high profile startup who are commercially viableStrong salary and packageTo work in an organization with a startup culture, leading the way in their fieldFlexible working environmentKey Skills: C++ Developer/C++ Engineer (ROS, Autonomous Cars; Tensorflow, C++, C, Java, Python, C#, Distributed Algorithms. Distributed systems, BSc, MSc, MPhil, PhD, Post-Doc, Research, R&D, startup, Multithreading. Machine Learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, NLP, Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Computational Biology, Computational Linguistics, Reinforcement Learning, Multi-Agent Systems, Deep Learning, Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Models, Computer Vision, Machine IntelligenceSoftware Developer/Software Engineer (C++, Computer Vision)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£45k - £65k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHh7"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node)"	"£40k - £55k per annum + shares"	"Cambridge"	"Permanent"	"Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node)"	"Cambridge - £40k - £55k per annum + shares"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node)We are looking for a Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node) to join our innovative, AI-driven start up. We are an advanced analytics company, developing the important technology that allows world-leading specialists to be linked to companies within Healthcare and Life Sciences, Finance, Tech and more.We have developed this platform with smart AI technology and expertise from individuals with links to some of the best universities in the world, to develop and turn this product into one that will improve vast areas of the commercial environment.As an experienced Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node) within our business, you will be a part of a very dynamic and collaborative team where you can develop new features and modules of our analytical platform. Specialising in JavaScript you will be working with Angular/Node and React, becoming an integral part of forming their vision; creatively solving problems and devising solutions, leading the platform to become more valuable and scalable.Realistically, what we're after is a very hands on experienced Full-Stack Software Developer (JavaScript, Angular, Node), experienced in using JavaScript, who would be interested in immersing themselves in a Machine Learning and Data environment.What we can offer as a Software Developer:A chance to develop a product that can change the way an industry operates.The chance to work with and learn from experience Software Developers.To be a part of a rapidly growing startup, working in a very friendly flexible environment.The opportunity to utilise benefits such as an onsite gym, regular socials, onsite BBQ and an excellent range of employee benefits.Key Skills: JavaScript, Angular, Software Engineer, Software Developer, Full-Stack, Startup, Node.JS, MongoDB, SQL, Python, SaaS, Comp Sci, BSc, MSc, PhD, Analytics, Machine Learning, Data, AI, Artificial Intelligence"	"Cambridge, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £55k per annum + shares"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Thomas Attwell "	"JS-BBBH5431"	"03/12/2018 05:00:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhi"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java)"	"£35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Belfast"	"Permanent"	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java)"	"Belfast - £35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java):We are currently looking for a passionate Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java) to join an internationally recognised organisation based in central Belfast. This company are currently providing personalised healthcare services, through their unique Machine Learning technology, to a variety of high profile cliental within the pharmaceutical and diagnostic domain.As a Software Engineer/Software Developer, you will be part of a small, academic team and play a key role in how Machine Learning is implemented, as the organisation expands further into the global market place. You will be effecting real-world problems, developing technology that will work to save lives and provide better treatment to those in critical condition.We're looking for a Software Engineer/Software Developer, who is willing to take on a hands-on approach and join a team of researchers and engineers who are paving the way in regards to AI in the field of healthcare. Within this organization, you will be working on mathematical models, as well as developing ML algorithms and finding solutions for Big Data.What we can offer a Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java):Join an organisation who are applying Machine Learning technology to real-world problemsWorld as part of a small-team, agile teamBe a key decision maker within the ML team, implement new ideasWork alongside key players within the pharmaceutical and medicine industry on a global scaleKey Skills: Software Engineer/Software Developer (Machine Learning, Java); Java, Cloud, Google Cloud, AWS, Python, C++, C, R, MATLAB, Computer Science, Maths, Mathematics, Physics, Astrophysics, Tensorflow, Mathematical Models, Algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms, Healthcare, Medicine, AI, Artificial Intelligence, Diagnostics, Belfast, Msci, Bachelors, PhD, Postdoc, Research, Researcher, SQL, Scikit Learn, PANDAS, Apache Spark, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Non-Linear Models, Lambdas, Redshift, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, Decision Trees, Monte Carlo, GCP, Big Data, Development, Software Developer, Software Engineer, Programmer"	"Belfast, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£35k - £50k per annum + equity and Benefits"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhj"	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"	NA
"Python - Machine Learning & AI"	"£60k - 90k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python - Machine Learning & AI"	"London - £60k - 90k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Python - Machine Learning - AI - Django - AWSI am working with an exciting start-up in central London who are looking for an experienced and talented perm python developer to join their team. This company place significant emphasis on employee culture and work life balance and are keen to find like-minded ambitious and motivated individuals to join their team. Working with this company, you will have the opportunity to work with some of the latest tech in the industry as you gain exposure to Machine Learning and AI and will have the opportunity to work closely with the DevOps team and continue to grow your skill set. This is an excellent opportunity for someone that is looking for secure solid career progression and continue to learn and develop alongside the more senior developers in the company.  You will have several of the following skills:PythonDjango FlaskAWS Nice to haves:Experience working with JavaScript, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence What's in it for you? You will benefit from a generous remuneration of £60,000-£90,000 and will receive a generous benefits package including; bonus', share options, extensive holidays. You will also have the option to work one or two days a week from home as this company place significant emphasis on work-life balance. I am actively arranging interviews for this for this client, please send your CV or call me. Alternatively, if you know of someone better suited to this role, please don't hesitate to pass them on my details!Python - Machine Learning - AI - Django - AWS"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"2018-12-10"	"£60k - 90k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Clare Killeen "	"JSPERM"	"04/12/2018 12:31:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlaP1"	NA	NA	NA
"Junior .NET Developer"	"up to £35,000 and a benefits package."	"Nottinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Junior .NET Developer"	"Nottinghamshire - up to £35,000 and a benefits package."	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"I hope you are well? I am currently recruiting for the following role and thought you might be interested? If you are, please could you send me an up dated copy of your CV and I will give you a call?Junior .NET Developer Junior .NET Developer/C#/.Net/WebAPI/SQLServer/SSIS/Azure/Junior.NET Developer/NottinghamshireOne of my clients, a market leader in in retail industry is looking for a Junior Developer to join their IT department in Shirebrook. Working in a highly skilled team and working closely with Network and Database teams.My client is looking for a Junior Developer as they are a data orientated company SQL and Database programming experience is needed. Do you have experience working with .NET and C#?As a Junior Developer you will be required to:*The ability to demonstrate analytical and programming skills across a range of platforms.*To be able to interpret requirements into working code.*Strong problem solving skills.*Agile development process.*Work to deadlines provided, escalating issues as appropriate*Willingness to learn new technologies within the company such as Artificial Intelligence, automation or robotics.My client is offering a salary of up to £35,000 and a benefits package.Junior .NET Developer/C#/.Net/WebAPI/SQLServer/SSIS/Azure/Junior.NET Developer/NottinghamshireApply ASAP to this excellent opportunity by submitting your CV for immediate consideration and do not hesitate to get in touch if you have any queries.Many Thanks Jaye Downes Permanent Recruitment Consultant Spring | Birmingham | B3 2PBSpring acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. The Spring Group UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer. By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Spring. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Nottinghamshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"up to £35,000 and a benefits package."	"Spring Technology"	"Jaye Downes "	"JS-JD129111"	"06/12/2018 09:37:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwmx"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps and Platform Automation Engineer"	"Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"DevOps and Platform Automation Engineer"	"Southampton, Hampshire - Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Southampton Full-time or contract Company Description With increasingly vast seas of digital information, smart organisations can today do things that were up to now impossible; spot unseen business trends, prevent diseases, make our roads safer and so on. At Version 1 our Mission is to prove IT can make a real difference. We prove this every day and due to our continued expansion, we're searching for like-minded individuals to help us take it to the next level'. This is an exciting opportunity for a highly experienced DevOps and Data Platform Automation Engineer. A permanent position, you will join a team delivering a transformative cloud hosted data platform for a key Version 1 customer. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in automating the build and deployment of Microsoft Azure Platform solutions and APIs in a big data context with Enterprise level organisations. We are seeking someone who can design, create and deliver a range of DevOps Build Automation and Deployment solutions and who has a proven track record of solution excellence across with customers across many sectors. You will be highly proficient working with business stakeholders and directing project teams and will have direct experience of a range of Build and Deployment Automation solutions on the Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform particularly in relation to big data, geospatial platforms and data based APIs. You will ideally have at least 7 years' experience and a proven track record of automating, deploying and maintaining enterprise level solution environments on distributed Cloud data platforms. You will be able effectively collaborate with others, obtain buy-in for your deployment automation approaches and manage your own priorities and performance to deliver high quality, highly performant solutions to our customer. Job Description Your main responsibilities will be: Working with Big Data developers to ensure high quality build automation and deployment input to class leading data platform solutions. Ensuring that platforms and data solutions can be deployed and operated in a highly repeatable and predictable manner through interaction and collaboration with relevant vendor and customer stakeholders. Defining relevant solution deployment architectures and data environment platform design. Deploying and managing multiple environments to support rapid, agile development approaches including demonstration environments. Production of DevOps specifications. Documentation of solutions (eg data models, deployment architectures configurations, and setup). Working within a project management/agile delivery methodology in a leading role as part of a wider team. Collaborate and liaise with other customer stakeholders/end users in the software development life cycle - PMs, BAs, testing etc Provide effective knowledge transfer and upskilling to relevant customer personnel to ensure an appropriate level of future self-sufficiency. Qualifications You will have: Direct experience of enterprise solution shaping and Microsoft Azure Cloud deployment architecture development including excellent documentation skills. Experience of setting up, deploying and managing multiple environments to support very, agile development approaches. Possession of either the Developing Microsoft Azure Solutions or Architecting Microsoft Azure certifications. It is essential that you have strong, in-depth and demonstrable hands-on experience with the large numbers of the following technologies: Windows Azure Platform and its relevant build, deployment, automation, networking and security technologies in cloud and hybrid environments. VSTS Application Lifecycle Management (Build, Deployment) including setting up Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment Knowledge of deployment automation for Linux and Windows Virtual Machines Knowledge of PowerShell, Git, ARM templates, JSON, BSH and big data platform deployment automation including the handling and transfer of very large data volumes. Microsoft Azure Identity Management and Security technologies including Azure Active Directory integration, custom SAML 2.0 providers Automated deployment of APIs via API Management/App Service and serverless solutions (Azure Functions, Docker etc)  It is highly desirable that you have good knowledge and understanding of the following platforms and their deployment: CosmosDB, Cassandra, Mongo DB or similar technologies would additionally be very useful Microsoft Azure PaaS and SaaS solution development technologies including Azure Functions, Logic Apps, .NET, JavaScript, Python etc. Microsoft Azure App Service Fabric, App Service Environment, Microsoft Azure API Management platform technologies Microsoft Azure Operational and Monitoring tools Knowledge of deployment orchestration and configuration management tools (Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, Terraform, Kubernetes). Azure Service Bus and Azure Notifications Hub Azure Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning platforms - Microsoft Azure Machine Learning, Azure Cognitive Services  Familiarity with any of the following would also be a distinct advantage: Azure Data Analytics platform (Cortana Intelligence Platform) including Azure Storage, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Data Lake, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure Search, Azure Databricks and Open Source technologies such Apache Spark, Atlas, Hadoop, NoSQL, Kafka, Solr. Any experience you have with best practice design principles and approaches for a range of application styles and technologies to help guide and steer decisions would be very desirable. Any experience working with structured and unstructured data including geospatial data. Any experience of working in highly dynamic teams using agile methodologies often under demanding timescales. Experience of collaborating and knowledge transfer to mixed customer and supplier teams whilst delivering to agreed timelines would be highly beneficial.   And you'll be able to provide evidence and examples of where you have demonstrated these skills in the past. If so, we'd love to speak with you. Additional Information We are an equal opportunities employer.  Suzanne WhelanVersion 1 Talent Acquisition Specialist"	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"January"	"Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Version1"	"Suzanne Whelan "	"JSSWDEVOPS1218"	"06/12/2018 10:46:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glw3P"	NA	NA	"6mnths or perm"
"Devops Engineer (contract)"	"£400 - £500 per day"	"Southampton, Hampshire, England"	"Contract"	"Devops Engineer (contract)"	"Southampton, Hampshire, England - £400 - £500 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"DEVOPS AND AUTOMATION ENGINEER (CONTRACT)NEW TEMPORARY CONTRACT PROJECT AVAILABLE IN SOUTHAMPTONContract position for candidates that are available to start between now and JanuarySouthampton based organisation in an accessible locationDevOps Engineer/Azure Platform Automation EngineerAzure Platform Automation/DevOps/VSTS/CI/CD/PowerShell/ARM deploymentsDay rate; £400 - £500 per day, outside of IR35To apply please call or email  WHO WE ARE?We are working with a leading and rapidly expanding Consultancy who deliver a full range of digital solutions to prestigious end clients. This project is working with an esteemed end client with a rich history who is on a digital transformation journey.WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING?Working in collaboration with the Big Data team to build automation and deployment for a range of data platformsDeploying and managing a range of cloud environments to support agile development practicesDocumenting solutionsCollaborate with stakeholders/PM's/PO'sWE NEED YOU TO HAVE .Azure Build, Deployment, Automation, networking and security solutionsVSTS (Visual Studio Team Services) to build Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelinesAutomated deployment of Windows and Linux Virtual Machines (VM's)PowerShell/ARM templates (JSON)Azure Active Directory (AD) integrationsAutomated deployment of API'sIT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE Cosmos DB/Cassandra/Mongo DBAzure Paas/SaaS solutionsAzure Functions/Azure Logic Apps/App Service Fabric/Azure API management.NET/Python/JavaScriptJenkins/chef/Puppet/TerraformKubernetes (k8s)Azure Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Azure Machine Learning (ML) platformsAzure Data Analytics/Databricks/Apache Spark/Hadoop/KafkaTO BE CONSIDERED .Please either apply by clicking online or emailing me directly. For further information please call me. I can make myself available outside of normal working hours to suit from 7am until 10pm. If unavailable please leave a message and either myself or one of my colleagues will respond. By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process & submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. KEY SKILLS:AZURE DEVOPS ENIGNEER/DEVOPS CONSULTANT/AZURE PLATFORM ENGINEER/AUTOMATION ENGINEER/AZURE CONSULTANT/CI/CD/VSTS/Visual Studio TEAM SERVICES/AUTOMATION/AUTOMATED/VM'S/VIRTUAL MACHINES/POWERSHELL/ARM DEPLOYMENTS/AD/COSMOS DB/CASSANDRA Searchability (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. "	"Southampton, Hampshire, England, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£400 - £500 per day"	"Searchability"	"Will Roebuck "	"JS#7589 - DO - WR"	"06/12/2018 13:35:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxbA"	NA	NA	NA
"Solution Architect"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Solution Architect"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Solution ArchitectWithin Hiscox we are undergoing an extensive business systems transformation and change programme in preparation for an enterprise digital transformation project. Within our current FCP team we are in the process of moving our current internal business systems, service and applications to a cloud based platform and designing and building an API suite to wrap around these to enable a more versatile overall experience across our enterprise user base.The purpose of this Solution Architect role is to create and deliver optimum solutions meeting our the business needs. You will need to engage throughout whole project life cycle from understanding the business case and requirements to transition into BAU support. This is a key role for the delivery of projects within Hiscox and the successful Solution Architect will actively contribute to the wider architecture team; working alongside the Lead Architect and Enterprise Architects to deliver the Hiscox enterprise architectural roadmap.Within this role you will be expected to have:Experience of API design, management and service based architectures (SOA, Micro services, ESBs)Datamodelling; conceptual, logical and physical schema separationObject Oriented Design; use of UML or other suitable taxonomy to convey design.Demonstrable knowledge of Cloud/Hybrid architectures (Microsoft Azure/AWS)Experience of software development (Microsoft .NET and/or Java with SQL)An appreciation of Agile and DevOps best practicesExperience implementing Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) in solutions would be a bonus This is a challenging and exciting role - we expect you to be able to work autonomously and thrive in a high pressure environmentFlexible working: Working life doesn't always have to be 'nine to five' and we support flexible working wherever we can. No promises, but please chat to our resourcing team about the flexibility we could offer for this role.Apply now for further information We insure the unique and the interesting. And we search for the same when it comes to talented people. Hiscox is full of smart, reliable human beings that look out for customers and each other. We believe in doing the right thing, making good and rebuilding when things go wrong. Everyone is encouraged to think creatively, challenge the status quo and look for solutions."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Hiscox"	"Hiscox Group "	"JS-PCK498-22220"	"30/11/2018 15:27:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqLt"	NA	NA	NA
"Big Data Engineer"	"Up to £600.00 per Day"	"Winnersh"	"Contract"	"Big Data Engineer"	"Winnersh - Up to £600.00 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Big Data Engineer Your new company  My Client is one the UK's leading telecommunications company. they are looking for a big data engineer, to help with the development and operations of a Real Time data stream platform used for telemetry on several million devices globally Your new role  You will be participating in the design, development and support of a Real Time data stream platforms participating in the design, development and support of automated test platforms. You'll also Develop and deploy software capable of parsing, merging and enriching data sets. Being able to Work with other teams (technical and business) on creating automated dashboards and reports which support the operations of Liberty Global's services is a key part of the role. Working with other engineers on creating capacity models which support the operations. Integrate new data sources as well as support existing integrations on data stream platforms. Hands-on involvement in building, deployment and testing pipelines (automated deployment and testing to ensure continuous delivery). Recommends on CI/CD (Continuous Integrations and Deployment) system solutions and associated automation implementations using either Puppet, Chef or an equivalent. Design and develop in-life excellence solution like Fault identification, tolerance and recovery automation using Monitoring tools (local and on public cloud platforms) Nagios, Zabbix, SensuWhat you'll need to succeed  A Wide understanding of IP Networking as well as data Centre infrastructure; Solid understanding of Linux. Proven experience with deploying and tuning Open Source components into a production experience; Good Scripting and/or programming skills (bash, python, Perl, AWK, Java, Javascript ); Experience with data collection, analysis, transformations, storage and visualization, such as Elasticsearch, Kibana, Graphana, Cassandra (or other NOSQL DB) Desirable. Experience with configuration management/orchestration tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet or Salt); Experience with ELK stack on a high throughput high available environment; Experience with NoSQL technologies ( Cassandra, MongoDB); Experience with Apache Kafka; Experience with Message Brokers technology (RabbitMQ, Redis, ); Experience with: Apache Mesos, Apache Zookeeper, Apache Flume; Experience with Statsd, Graphite and Grafana; Ability to apply statistical techniques to solve problems; Understanding of Artificial Intelligence methodologies;  Experience with big data technologies and platforms You'll have to be both a strong self-starter as well as team player; Must be able to work under pressure and be prepared to work outside normal working hours when necessary; Self-motivated and proactive in the working environment;  proven ability to work with speed and accuracy to deadlines is essential; Has an ability to rapidly absorb new technical skills and learn new concepts quickly; Has a systematic, disciplined, and analytical approach to problem solving; The ability to build relationships and convey authority when needed at all levels in order to resolve conflicts and maintain direction; Takes responsibility and feels accountable for own and team action. Essential education and experience:  MSc degree level (or relevant experience) on engineering, computer science (or related studies); Fluent spoken and written English; Hands on engineering tasks like coding, system configuration and integration; Experience with Open Source components on a production environment. Desirable education and experience: Experience with the development and use of data analytics from a software development, coding and database perspective.What you'll get in return  Great Career progression, a chance to enhance your skill set and work with very successful company, You'll also get a very competitive day rate. What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Talent Solutions is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Winnersh, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Up to £600.00 per Day"	"Hays Talent Solutions"	"Joshua Vasdewan "	"JS-3487011"	"03/12/2018 15:28:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQit"	NA	NA	"1 to 3 months"
"Software Development Manager"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Software Development Manager"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Engineering ManagerLondon - Origin Tech HubWe are the Builders of ArgosTech and we are building the future of retailWe build technologies that customers and colleagues love and other builders respect. But we're building more than technologies, we're also building ourselves.The future of retail technology won't come from a single effort or invention, but rather from ArgosTech teams empowered to build that future. That's why we invest in people and teams, not projects.Our Engineering teams build new tech in greenfield status across on a variety of digital channels such as our; Website (1B yearly visits), In Store Tablets (12M+ monthly users), Mobile Apps (6M+ downloads) and 900 Retail Stores. From all of this, our massive product base of 53,000 individual products are consistently been sold and restocked rapidly. We have been ranked the 2nd largest digital retailer in the UK and have just been awarded 'Tech Retailer of The Year 2017.' It is an exciting time for us.In the end, we expect to build the best place in the world to build the best tech in retail.Technologies in our stack for this role:Java 8, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Python, Docker, SpringBoot, Postgres, Kafka, Mesos, Marathon, Elastic, React, Redux, Kibana, Scala, Node, Python, on a micro services architecture running on AWS.Team task:We have a wide breadth of problems to solve from securing the checkout to supply chain, pricing algorithm models to recommendations, transportation to demand forecasting to dynamic pricing. The list of problems and new innovations we are building is to serve our nationwide customer needs better by developing, delivering software that employ modern break through algorithms and the newest technology. We want to use technology to serve our customers better; better selection, competitive prices and an experience customised for our customers. We build everything in house so that we can differentiate deeper our offerings, respond faster to customer needs. No consultancies, no third parties, just us.This is where you come in, we are seeking engineering leaders who can help build the future of ArgosTech. We need established technical leaders who not only build, develop and lead engineers, but leaders who will share a passion to make Argos the best places to work in retail technology.We need progressive technical experience, a demonstrated progression of management scope, sharp coding skills, and a passion for managing outstanding engineers in a fast-paced environment.Argos Engineering teams are built around our problems and new innovations, which is why we have a specialist focus in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, distributed computing, large-scale system design, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our world-class software engineers are just getting started -- and as a manager, you guide the way.We are looking for people with:Experience leading software development professionals in a Devops environment or high tech companyRecord of developing and delivering large scale, distributed or complex scale platformsAdvanced working knowledge of a coding language such as Java, Hybris or PythonAbility to prioritise and focus to manage multiple deliveries in different areasAttention to detail, able to foresee potential pitfalls before they ariseWorking environment:Flexible approach to working hours, including ability to work from home when required. Casual dress-code. Good social environment - \"Super Social Friday\". Close to all the amenities and transport link in Victoria - London.Benefits:Bonus - 20%Private HealthcareHolidays - 24 with the option to buy up to 5 days per yearCompany pensionDiscount at Argos, Sainsbury's and HabitatSharesave scheme - Risk-free way to buy shares at a discounted rateShare Purchase PlanChildcare vouchersCycle to work schemeSeason Ticket Loan"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Argos"	"Argos"	"JSHRGHV299156/599290154"	"06/12/2018 10:07:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwvd"	NA	NA	NA
"PHP Developer - Full Stack Laravel/React.js"	"£50,000 per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"PHP Developer - Full Stack Laravel/React.js"	"London - £50,000 per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Superstar React Developer required for a Hollywood blockbuster. Would you like to help create & define the standard in the way the Film and Broadcast industry modernises & streamlines the management of its programme data?  Meta is a startup looking to revolutionize the Data Management field for the Broadcast and Film industry. Currently working with some of the biggest names in the field such as Warner Brothers, HBO, CNN, Boomerang, Cartoon Network, TCM and Turner.  The Role Meta provides users with tools to manage, fix & clean their metadata, create centralized standards, and design & manage data estate & integrations. With a fully configurable API gateway, Meta enables plug & play functionality to all required services and becomes the data backbone that delivers digital inventory for the biggest Broadcasters in the world. You will build next-generation tech that changes how millions of users connect, explore and interact with information and media content. We're looking for maverick devs that bring fresh perspectives from information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list is growing every day.  RESPONSIBILITIES Create innovative UI elements, stunning JavaScript contraptions and outstanding web development. Collaborate with the dev team to design and launch new features. Work with graphic designers converting designs to visual elements. Test and maintain software products to ensure strong functionality and optimisation Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Understanding client requirements and how they translate to new application features BASIC QUALIFICATIONS  Experience in Database Development, with knowledge of MySQL 2 Years with PHP (Laravel), PHP Data Parsers and REST API 1 Year with modern JavaScript frameworks (ReactJS/Angular, etc.) Experience writing modern Javascript (ES6/ES7) Experience with consuming web services from Back End and exposing in beautiful custom HTML visuals Comfortable with the unix/linux environment and tooling such as npm PREFERRED SKILLS Redux DevOps, CI/CD Knowledge Testing Experience working with content management systems Salary Details: Up to GBP 50,000 per year depending on suitability. Working in modern Central London Office in the heart of Soho, the Film & TV district. Work 1 day per week Remotely from home.  Must be able to start project by latest 7th of Dec. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£50,000 per year"	"Meta Data Systems"	"Meta Data Systems"	"JS2600957/584928003"	"03/12/2018 16:03:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQRa"	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Software with Data"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Coventry"	"Permanent"	"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Software with Data"	"Coventry - 20k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A leading premium automotive business and leading to move towards electric autonomous vehicles.Our award-winning graduate and apprentice programmes have been designed to be just as inspiring as the next generation of vehicles you'll help produce. In fact, we've designed our early careers programmes for you to shape the future with us. With opportunities right across our business, you'll use your creativity to bring new ideas to life, develop specialist, commercial and project skills and push the boundaries of your potential.WHAT TO EXPECTJaguar Land Rover subject matter experts have been working throughout 2018 with our partners in WMG at the University of Warwick to develop a new BSc degree in Digital Technology Solutions (which is subject to final University approval).You'll spend your first three months at university, where you'll gain programming skills and start to build your professional business skills. After this time, you'll typically attend university for one week in every six to achieve your Bachelor's degree and study at the newly constructed Degree Apprenticeship Centre in the heart of the University of Warwick campus.You'll contribute to the business in your assigned role, as well as undertake additional study in your own time, to achieve your academic award. A network of apprentice tutors and line managers will regularly review your progress and offer advice along the way, to support you performing at your best.Level 6 Apprentices will be selected for one of the following routes:- Software Engineering, in our Engineering and IT teams - Software Engineering with Data Analysis, in our Engineering teams - Data Analytics with a variety of functions across our enterprise - Network Engineering in our IT and Facilities teamsWHERE IT WILL TAKE YOUJoin us on this apprenticeship programme and you'll be placed within one of the areas below:- PRODUCT ENGINEERING:  As the sophistication and automation of our vehicles continues to grow, our design and development teams in Electrical, Electronic and Software Engineering; and Powertrain Engineering increasingly require software engineering expertise to help create and maintain the millions of lines of code for our vehicles. Increased connectivity produces large amounts of data which can be used to continuously improve our products, and provide new services to our customers to give them experiences they love for life.- IT:  As a growing global business continuously investing in our facilities, our IT teams ensure that our people have the infrastructure and tools required to do their jobs. Our Network Engineers support existing infrastructure and the deployment of new technical solutions. Our Analysts use data from multiple sources to support day-to-day operations, drive improvements and help forecast our future requirements so that the optimal solutions can be deployed.- EMBEDDED BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ACROSS OUR ENTERPRISE:  In a world of ever greater connectivity, digital technology solutions play a role in virtually everything we do and experience. Our global teams across our business are increasingly using data from multiple sources to make critical decisions and drive outstanding performance.Data analytics, the management and manipulation of relevant data is essential for us to continue to offer a world-class experience to our customers whilst remaining commercially viable. To take on this challenge you should enjoy problem solving, have good analytical proficiency and be comfortable manipulating and working with large amounts of data.We'll continue to invest in our systems and deploy new architectures to get the most out of the data around us. Fast reporting, data visualisation and trend identification will enable the business to outperform the competition in all areas. Artificial Intelligence will play an increasingly important role in us maintaining relationships with our suppliers, customers and employees which are trusted and personalised.Join us as a Digital and Technology Solutions Apprentice and you'll start influencing our success in activities across our entire business helping us to deliver our extensive plans for further growth. You'll learn about cyber security, artificial intelligence, big data, Internet of Things, and the project management and life cycles required for them to be deployed in our business.WHAT YOU'LL NEED - GCSE Maths (Grade B/6 or above), English (Grade C/5 or above) plus an additional three GCSEs including a STEM subject at Grade C/5 or above (or an ICT vocational qualification at level 3 of 90 credit value 540GLH or greater).- Specialism-Software/Network Engineer: A Level Maths (Grade C or above), plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above) or A Level Maths (Grade C or above) plus completion of a higher apprenticeship (Level 4/5) in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms.- Specialism-Data Analyst: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).- Specialism-Software Engineer with Data: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).REWARDS AND BENEFITSOur salaries are competitive and we will also pay your tuition and course fees and give you a generous holiday allowance as part of your package. You'll be able to access a range of deals and discounts from various retailers and many of our facilities have their own gyms and sports facilities so you'll have plenty of opportunities to play at the end of the working day."	"Coventry, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	NA	"20k Annual GBP"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"JS2584743_RP554331807/578151249"	"03/12/2018 15:59:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQOh"	"Graduate"	NA	NA
"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Data Analyst"	"20k Annual GBP"	"Coventry"	"Permanent"	"Digital Technology Solutions Degree Apprenticeship - Data Analyst"	"Coventry - 20k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A leading premium automotive business and leading to move towards electric autonomous vehicles.Our award-winning graduate and apprentice programmes have been designed to be just as inspiring as the next generation of vehicles you'll help produce. In fact, we've designed our early careers programmes for you to shape the future with us.  With opportunities right across our business, you'll use your creativity to bring new ideas to life, develop specialist, commercial and project skills and push the boundaries of your potential.WHAT TO EXPECTJaguar Land Rover subject matter experts have been working throughout 2018 with our partners in WMG at the University of Warwick to develop a new BSc degree in Digital Technology Solutions (which is subject to final University approval).  You'll spend your first three months at university, where you'll gain programming skills and start to build your professional business skills. After this time, you'll typically attend university for one week in every six to achieve your Bachelor's degree and study at the newly constructed Degree Apprenticeship Centre in the heart of the University of Warwick campus.You'll contribute to the business in your assigned role, as well as undertake additional study in your own time, to achieve your academic award. A network of apprentice tutors and line managers will regularly review your progress and offer advice along the way, to support you performing at your best.Level 6 Apprentices will be selected for one of the following routes:- Software Engineering, in our Engineering and IT teams  - Software Engineering with Data Analysis, in our Engineering teams  - Data Analytics with a variety of functions across our enterprise  - Network Engineering in our IT and Facilities teamsWHERE IT WILL TAKE YOUJoin us on this apprenticeship programme and you'll be placed within one of the areas below:- PRODUCT ENGINEERING :  As the sophistication and automation of our vehicles continues to grow, our design and development teams in Electrical, Electronic and Software Engineering; and Powertrain Engineering increasingly require software engineering expertise to help create and maintain the millions of lines of code for our vehicles. Increased connectivity produces large amounts of data which can be used to continuously improve our products, and provide new services to our customers to give them experiences they love for life.- IT :  As a growing global business continuously investing in our facilities, our IT teams ensure that our people have the infrastructure and tools required to do their jobs. Our Network Engineers support existing infrastructure and the deployment of new technical solutions. Our Analysts use data from multiple sources to support day-to-day operations, drive improvements and help forecast our future requirements so that the optimal solutions can be deployed.- EMBEDDED BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ACROSS OUR ENTERPRISE :  In a world of ever greater connectivity, digital technology solutions play a role in virtually everything we do and experience. Our global teams across our business are increasingly using data from multiple sources to make critical decisions and drive outstanding performance.Data analytics, the management and manipulation of relevant data is essential for us to continue to offer a world-class experience to our customers whilst remaining commercially viable. To take on this challenge you should enjoy problem solving, have good analytical proficiency and be comfortable manipulating and working with large amounts of data.We'll continue to invest in our systems and deploy new architectures to get the most out of the data around us. Fast reporting, data visualisation and trend identification will enable the business to outperform the competition in all areas. Artificial Intelligence will play an increasingly important role in us maintaining relationships with our suppliers, customers and employees which are trusted and personalised.Join us as a Digital and Technology Solutions Apprentice and you'll start influencing our success in activities across our entire business helping us to deliver our extensive plans for further growth. You'll learn about cyber security, artificial intelligence, big data, Internet of Things, and the project management and life cycles required for them to be deployed in our business.WHAT YOU'LL NEED- GCSE Maths (Grade B/6 or above), English (Grade C/5 or above) plus an additional three GCSEs including a STEM subject at Grade C/5 or above (or an ICT vocational qualification at level 3 of 90 credit value 540GLH or greater).- Specialism-Software/Network Engineer: A Level Maths (Grade C or above), plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above) or A Level Maths (Grade C or above) plus completion of a higher apprenticeship (Level 4/5) in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms.- Specialism-Data Analyst: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).- Specialism-Software Engineer with Data: A Level Maths (Grade B or above) plus one further A Level in Science, Engineering or Technology (Grade C or above).REWARDS AND BENEFITSOur salaries are competitive and we will also pay your tuition and course fees and give you a generous holiday allowance as part of your package. You'll be able to access a range of deals and discounts from various retailers and many of our facilities have their own gyms and sports facilities so you'll have plenty of opportunities to play at the end of the working day. "	"Coventry, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	NA	"20k Annual GBP"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"Jaguar Land Rover"	"JS2584741_RP554331805/578151248"	"03/12/2018 15:59:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQOj"	"Graduate"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £650 - £800 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Contract Requirement - Banking - Spark -AI - ML- R Data Scientist You'll be supporting the bank's evolution of its Data Science capability, selecting and developing new techniques for solving complex data related problemsThe team's remit is to explore new ways to use the banks data, and you'll have the opportunity to work through proofs of concept in an agile environmentDeliverablesDriving, educating and selling the developments in data science, across the data analyst and data science communityBeing a key member of the team of data scientists exploring and demonstrating how new techniques can be applied to data to drive value across our businessFormulating the data science business strategy in conjunction with the broader data science communitySupporting the broader data scientist and data analyst community to identify and deliver opportunities to support the bank's strategic direction through better use of our dataWorking within multiple concurrent virtual teams of data science specialists to implement the strategyEmbedding new data techniques in to the business through role modelling, training and design oversightSupporting the processes of pilots and proof of concept delivery to provide opportunities and develop business cases to drive those opportunitiesExperience RequiredDeep experience of data science techniques, including the pragmatic implementation of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and multi-variant analysis techniquesExperience of the tools used to deploy advanced techniques, including some of R, Impala, SAS, Python, Spark in a structured and unstructured data environmentAn ability to work with and influence a range of stakeholdersAn ability to support a portfolio of technically complex opportunities simultaneouslyLocation: LondonDuration: 6 monthsRate: £650 - £800 per DayHow to Apply: If you want to work with passionate individuals and be part of a business critical team then this is the opportunity for you. Alternatively if you have a friend or colleague that may be suitable please pass on my details. Successful referrals will be rewarded.  To discuss this in more detail please send your CV:Ryan Baker | (see below)Empiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-013756"	"30/11/2018 17:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqvo"	"Executive"	NA	"6 months"
"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"Poole, Dorset - £25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer (Visual Studio) WPF, C++, Embedded, VB6, Poole, AI, Visual Processing, £25-45k, Software Developer (Visual Studio) Poole, Dorset  £25000 - £45000 + Package.  Please note my client cannot offer sponsorship for VISA holders/international applicants.Your new company  This specialist manufacturing business have become well-reputed key players in their field and due to continued growth and seeking a specialist Software Developer to join the team. You will be based from their head office in Poole, easily commutable from most location on the South Coast and 5 minutes from the beach. Your new role  The role is open to junior developers right to up to senior level, providing you have an excellent grasp of Visual Studio and understand you'll be working on Windows Desktop or Embedded projects.  This is predominantly a hands-on position working to support the development of a scalable system which underpins the companies design and distribution of products. You'll work across a range of technologies and be able to broaden your skill set, whilst gaining knowledge of a competitive and technical market.  You will be part of a well-established team for a business pushing 50 years in industry. The role will involve maintenance work but as they dip into new markets new development projects will become the focus for the team.  The company operate a flat structure and select elements of Agile that work for them. It's a small team with good tenure and retention and of course they champion open communication and collaboration, with developers needing to react and firefight at short notice. What you'll need to succeed  You must have demonstrable experience working with Visual Studio and an OO programming language, namely Vb.NET, though C# is fine. They've replaced Silverlight with WPF for the UI and would like to see a solid grasp of modern, clean coding principles, perhaps including UWP. Wider knowledge of Embedded Software, Real Time processing, VB6, Artificial Intelligence and Image Processing will reflect well but are not essential. What you'll get in return  You'll join a profitable, successful company with plans to gradually add to the development team throughout the year. There's free parking, 32 days' holiday a good company pension and support to improve your skill set through company funded courses where appropriate. What you need to do now Salary is negotiable for the right candidate up to £45000 and is representative of the company's flexible approach to employment and empowering developers.  To be considered for this position please apply directly, or contact Max Wilcock.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	NA	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3331005"	"06/12/2018 17:26:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlykX"	NA	NA	NA
"Algorithm Development Engineer"	"competitive hourly rate"	"Bristol"	"Contract"	"Algorithm Development Engineer"	"Bristol - competitive hourly rate"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"An Algorithm Development Engineer is required for a long term contract assignment based in Bristol for a multi-national defence company.The position focuses on the design, development and proving of algorithms for missile, Command & Control (C2) and Mission Planning applications. This includes algorithms in the domains of: control, guidance and navigation; image processing for EO and RF systems; data fusion, classification/pattern-recognition & tracking; decision making and motion/route planning for decision support and autonomous systems. The role may involves aspects of algorithm design and proving; analysis of closed-loop model simulations; analysis of sub-system and system trials/firing data; generation and maintenance of design documents; preparation and presentation of material at reviews; working with Systems, Simulation & Modelling and Software Engineers to support the integration and validation of algorithm performance and the Embedded software. The hosting department works through the full life cycle, including research studies and development/certification. The work of the hosting department is broad, and there is scope for existing team members to be moved around to accommodate candidates with particular skills. Skills and Knowledge A background from a numerate discipline (Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Engineering) with strong mathematical and analytical skills is essential. The main toolset used is Matlab/Simulink, but experience in FORTRAN or C would be relevant for Legacy products. Consequently, candidates must be comfortable with developing, testing and working with algorithms/models using such tools. Ideally candidates should have some knowledge/experience of one or more of the following domains: Flight Dynamics, Dynamic systems, Optimal Control, Multivariable Control, H-infinity, Mu-analysis, guidance systems, trajectory optimisation, estimation/tracking and Kalman filters, integrated navigation, computer vision, image and signal processing for detection and tracking, autonomous systems, pattern-recognition, decision making, artificial intelligence/machine learning. However, candidates possessing a strongly mathematical background who can apply themselves to these domains are also of interest. Candidates from an academic background are suitableModis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information. "	"Bristol, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	"ASAP"	"competitive hourly rate"	"Modis"	"Neil Freeman "	"JS-1149890"	"06/12/2018 15:57:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxzK"	NA	NA	"6 months"
"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer (Visual Studio)"	"Poole, Dorset - £25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Software Developer (Visual Studio) WPF, C++, Embedded, VB6, Poole, AI, Visual Processing, £25-45k, Software Developer (Visual Studio) Poole, Dorset  £25000 - £45000 + Package.  Please note my client cannot offer sponsorship for VISA holders/international applicants.Your new company  This specialist manufacturing business have become well-reputed key players in their field and due to continued growth and seeking a specialist Software Developer to join the team. You will be based from their head office in Poole, easily commutable from most location on the South Coast and 5 minutes from the beach. Your new role  The role is open to junior developers right to up to senior level, providing you have an excellent grasp of Visual Studio and understand you'll be working on Windows Desktop or Embedded projects.  This is predominantly a hands-on position working to support the development of a scalable system which underpins the companies design and distribution of products. You'll work across a range of technologies and be able to broaden your skill set, whilst gaining knowledge of a competitive and technical market.  You will be part of a well-established team for a business pushing 50 years in industry. The role will involve maintenance work but as they dip into new markets new development projects will become the focus for the team.  The company operate a flat structure and select elements of Agile that work for them. It's a small team with good tenure and retention and of course they champion open communication and collaboration, with developers needing to react and firefight at short notice. What you'll need to succeed  You must have demonstrable experience working with Visual Studio and an OO programming language, namely Vb.NET, though C# is fine. They've replaced Silverlight with WPF for the UI and would like to see a solid grasp of modern, clean coding principles, perhaps including UWP. Wider knowledge of Embedded Software, Real Time processing, VB6, Artificial Intelligence and Image Processing will reflect well but are not essential. What you'll get in return  You'll join a profitable, successful company with plans to gradually add to the development team throughout the year. There's free parking, 32 days' holiday a good company pension and support to improve your skill set through company funded courses where appropriate. What you need to do now Salary is negotiable for the right candidate up to £45000 and is representative of the company's flexible approach to employment and empowering developers.  To be considered for this position please apply directly, or contact Max Wilcock.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	NA	"£25k - £45k per annum + Package"	"Hays DT - South Coast"	"Maxwell Wilcock "	"JS-3331005"	"06/12/2018 08:56:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gfjve"	NA	NA	NA
"Full Stack Engineer"	"£45k - 65k per annum"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Full Stack Engineer"	"Cardiff, Wales - £45k - 65k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"We've got a keen eye on talented and tech agnostic Full Stack Software Engineers who never say no to a challenge and are keen to learn lots of new skills. Our ground-breaking client doesn't cater to weird job titles, must haves and a hardcore wish list of skill sets - they are open to potential and looking for people that can add real value to what they do. Following on from our Christmas range of job adverts - please read the following in the style of Fairytale of New York by the Pogues (and remember, the best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear!) They've got a fridge filled with BeerAnd a dog roaming roundWork with ML and AIIt's a place to be boundIf you got some C#And an interest in techI can promise you You'll love this Cardiff based placeAboutUltimately the role is a Full Stack Engineer primarily looking after the Front End features/systems of the companies' extensive AI & ML products. We're keen to speak to good developers that believe it's easier to learn new syntax and frameworks than stick for too long to a given technology. On the tech side of things, the company is pretty agnostic in terms of what sort of skills are brought to the table as they're always looking to learn new things.The successful candidate will be part of a sharp team developing software, tools and techniques in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning. They have a flat structure and a flexible approach to how work is done, encouraging creativity and sharing new ideas that can be implemented to make an impact.Things you will need experience in: Angular TypescriptThe brownie points will be given to those who have experience in: C# PythonBenefitsIf, like me, the benefits are the best part, here they are: Salary up to £65,000 (think of all the Christmas presents you could buy - for yourself obviously) Great location in the heart of Cardiff  Close knit group - lots of social activities to enjoy (think winter wonderland and cinema trips) An in-built office bar that is always stocked with beer, ales, ciders and wine (preferably of the mulled variety - can you tell I'm excited for Christmas?!) No dress codes  Flexible approaches to work hours Dog friendly officeLastlyTheir commitment to innovation is genuinely pushing the boundaries in their field and they are really building the kind of team that you should want to be part of!For more details please apply for an initial call back regarding the role/your experience or call Jon Edwards or Rebecca Gaydon for a confidential chat.By submitting your job application, you are giving IntaPeople consent to store and process your personal data in line with our privacy policy (which can be found on our website). Your personal data will be processed for this job and any future relevant jobs we match with your skill set (please note - your details will never be submitted to a client without your explicit consent). The services advertised by IntaPeople are those of an Employment Agency and an Employment Business."	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - 65k per annum"	"IntaPeople"	"Rebecca Gaydon "	"JSIP29417-JE-RG"	"04/12/2018 16:25:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlcBm"	NA	NA	NA
"Solutions Architect - Oracle ERP"	"600.00 / day"	"Liverpool"	"Contract"	"Solutions Architect - Oracle ERP"	"Liverpool - 600.00 / day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This assignment is suited to someone looking for a complex and delivery-focussed environment, with lots of moving parts. You will be an experienced Solutions Architect with a specialism in Oracle ERP, with experience in HR, Payroll and Core Merchandising. Whilst you'll have a technical skill-set you will be competent working closely with a variety of cross-functional stakeholders. This purpose of this engagement is to lead on a piece of work to looking at implementing Oracle Core Merchandising in the Cloud (Oracle) and migrating existing ERP, HR and Payroll from on-prem to Cloud. The successful candidate will have  Worked around e2e Supply Chain for a considerable number of years as and SME and Architect. Some Cloud awareness (but not necessarily an expert, as support will come from a dedicated Cloud team) A significant track record as an Architect for large, complex organisations - preferably business to consumer Detailed knowledge of Oracle ERP and some knowledge of the broader vendor landscape Both implementation and migration experience Excellent people and communication skills. The client is a privately owned, dynamic B2C organisation, investing heavily in digital transformation, data & analytics, artificial intelligence and other leading-edge retail and Supply Chain technologies."	"Liverpool, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"600.00 / day"	"Laudale Associates Limited"	"Alec Laurie "	"JS"	"06/12/2018 15:00:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxfT"	NA	NA	"6 months"
"Chief Data Scientist/Architect (contract)"	"£550 - £600 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Chief Data Scientist/Architect (contract)"	"London - £550 - £600 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Chief Data Scientist/Architect (contract)£550 - £600 per dayInitial 6 months (extensions likely)East LondonWe are working with one of the UK's largest Entertainment companies who are looking to add a dynamic Chief Data Scientist/Architect to their Data Excellence Team based in East London to take responsibility for building a Next Best Action recommendation engine, and for architecting, designing and building an Machine Learning Chatbot for 10 plus significant use cases.Basic Qualifications:A minimum of Bachelor's degree in data science, mathematics, economics, statistics, engineering and information management or related field of studyA minimum of 5 years researching, designing, implementing, and deploying full-stack scalable data science and machine learning solutions to solve various business issuesA minimum of 5 years building and maintaining a large-scale analytics infrastructure used across the business including conducted research, design, implementation, and validation of cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse data sourcesA minimum of 5 years designing, developing, and implementing data management systems of analytic frameworks for the business's data by applying advanced statistical capabilities and delivering statistical modelsA minimum of 5 years working and conceptual knowledge in data structures, algorithms, statistics, machine learning, natural language processing and programming in R, Python, or other equivalent languagesPreferred Skills:Masters or MBA (Statistics or Mathematics)PhD in Analytics, Statistic or other quantitative disciplinesExperience with evolving approaches and technologies such as Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Cognitive Systems, RPAStrong working and conceptual knowledge translating business requirements into quick prototypes integration services, NoSQL, Tableau, Salesforce, or other data visualization toolsSpecific working and conceptual knowledge of data integration tools streamlining data across several big data solutions such as Cerner EMR, Apache Hive, Apache Pig, Apache Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce, MongoDB and Couchbase.leading data science teams, managing technical work qualityoverseeing data science projects and implementationChief Data Scientist/Architect (contract)"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£550 - £600 per Day"	"Careerwise"	"Francesco De Carlo "	"JS-0000005588"	"04/12/2018 13:11:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glapy"	NA	NA	"6 months +"
"Team Lead Developer - Full Stack - Permanent"	"£65k - £75k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Team Lead Developer - Full Stack - Permanent"	"City of London - £65k - £75k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Team Lead Developer - Full Stack - PermanentLocation: LondonOverviewThe Full Stack Team Lead Developer is a key role, leading the development capability for both the Legacy and new emerging technologies within the IT department for a Global Professional Services Firm based in Central London. This will support the delivery of Business Transformation across the organisation and to clients. Focusing on progression and innovation of user-centric digital products to drive improvements and efficiencies across the business.The Team Lead Developer will work closely with the business relationship management, architects, solution design teams and agile project manager to build and deliver a tactical digital & innovation portfolio workstream.  Key Responsibilities:Hands on full-stack developer, including strong Front End development capability and a good understanding of UXManagement responsibility of a small team of developers and one UX/UI designerResponsible for building, maintaining and supporting both enterprise and client facing applicationsCollaborating with Business Relationship Managers and Solution Designers to turn concepts into practical solutions for relevant business challengesTo build and deliver a balanced portfolio of strategic and tactical digital innovation projectsPrototyping, piloting, development & scaling of user-centric digital products as well as implementing new & emerging technologies to drive efficiencies and improvement across the businessScan and leverage cross-industry trends in new & emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and data science to apply in the context of accountancy and professional servicesAct as technical point of contact when collaborating with external vendor partners and work with them to leverage their development capabilitiesDevelopment Leadership - work with the senior technical manager to create best-practice software development processesContribute to thought leadership by keeping up-to-date on new approaches, techniques and tools and take account of changes and trends in technology, the market-place and in the business and propose changes to future plans accordinglyMentor and support junior developers Key Skills/Experience:Proven track record of successfully building and delivering digital products (mobile & web apps and services) to market using agile methodologiesKey development skillsets: C#, .NET platform, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Azure PaaS (Azure Functions; Azure Logic Apps; Cosmos DB; Azure App Service; ARM templates), SharePoint & ReactExtensive experience with full Microsoft technology stackExperience with Office 365 including PowerApps, Flow; SharePoint OnlineExperience of authentication, access and identity management technology using Azure ADExperience with cloud platforms, especially Microsoft AzureExperience of application integration at the various levels application, application interface or data layerExperienced in modern DevOps methodologies and continuous integration using GitExperience of test driven development preferredFin-tech or Reg-tech product development experience preferreDemonstrate a good understanding of User Experience methodology and its importance in digital product developmentBSc/MSc in Computer Science with a required minimum of 6 years of applicable industry experience strongly preferred)This is an incredible opportunity to join a progressive IT department at a leading Professional services firm and make a real imprint on the way the firm will move forward in the future. Please send your CV to Alex Simmons for immediate consideration."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£65k - £75k per annum"	"Marks Sattin"	"Alex Simmons "	"JS-ASI747500"	"05/12/2018 13:27:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glnfo"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Business Development Manager"	"£60-70k + double OTE GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Business Development Manager"	"London - £60-70k + double OTE GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Snr BDM - £60-70k + double OTEArtificial intelligence & marketing software (SaaS) combined creates a truly exceptional product that enables retailers to reach & engage consumers like never before.ESP's, if not upgraded, are slowly becoming outdated and less useful for brands to use as a marketing tool. We have partnered with a company who replaces the typical ESP and enables brands instant access to consumer data like never, which then enables them to create super engaging marketing experiences for their customers.After a round of funding (most recently to fund the growth of UK office) they are looking to build out their commercial sales team with several energetic, motivated, selfless sales people.The business is looking to double the size (employees) next year, which is an exciting prospect for anyone looking to be involved in the initial stages. They are based in really cool offices in the east end.Despite being a 'start up' - this company is working with brands that you see on the high street as well as up & coming online retailers. They have fantastic USP's over competitors and an excellent work ethic which creates a high-flying & friendly team.What do I need to join?We are looking for the best of the best to join this businessYou need to be energetic, motivated & selflessYou'll ideally have top experience selling SaaS tech platforms into big brandsSuccess in closing complex dealsMore importantly, you will be interested in this area and eager to continue learning "	"London, UK"	"Sales and Marketing"	NA	"£60-70k + double OTE GBP"	"Ultimate Asset"	"Ultimate Asset"	"JS109EFB6B/591393032"	"01/12/2018 13:25:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk3II"	NA	NA	NA
"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (leading tech)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company)We are a tier one VC backed world leading Artificial Intelligence company, looking for a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist (Leading tech company) with strong skills within Probabilistic Programming, Bayesian Inference or Deep Learning to come and join our dedicated research lab; specialising in researching, applying and publishing papers within one of the most interesting and popular areas within Artificial Intelligence currently.As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist within our startup/SME (currently 250 people) you will not only help push forward our current work within simulation and virtual words - you will be a big part of helping us achieve our dream of building the most accurate Real Time economic model of the world and beyond. With the technology that we create, the applications could be endless! As a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist, the research that you create within the areas of Bayesian Inference, Gaussian Process, Probabilistic Programming, and Probabilistic Modelling you could be able push forward work theoretically within the areas of Energy waste reduction, the affect of electronic cars on power grids, compleix decision making of AI agents and more.The way that we work is very similar to academia; so, if you like working at the cutting edge of AI research though feel frustrated at the lack of real world application - perhaps our Machine Learning Research team could be a good match for you.What we can offer a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist A place in our world-class Research team amongst some of the industry's finest minds within Bayesian Inference, Probabilistic Modelling and Probabilistic ProgrammingA chance as a Lead Bayesian Inference Researcher/ML Scientist to attend conferences worldwide, collaborate with Universities and leading academics in the field. An opportunity to retain the culture of an academic researcher though within a company working on real-world problems.A chance to publish your own papers"	"London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"JS62422572/596762289"	"04/12/2018 13:02:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glaki"	NA	NA	NA
"Business Analyst | Fast-Growth Fintech Software Provider"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Business Analyst | Fast-Growth Fintech Software Provider"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Analyst |Fast-Growth Fintech Software Provider | LondonHarmonic are delighted to be recruiting on behalf of one of the most innovative Fintech SAAS start-ups in the UK with utilising Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence technology. Due to their rapid growth of the last 2 years (400%) they are searching for a Business Analyst.They pride themselves on hiring the most dynamic and intelligent people in the market to support the business as it scales. In terms of culture everyone is young, passionate and sociable.The Role:Joining the company as a Business Analyst, you will be given the chance to shape ideas and define technology that disrupts the market. You would drive real improvements to the way that the business operates. The Business Analyst will work closely with internal and external stakeholders to crystallise business requirements and create accurate specifications.Duties:As the Business Analyst your daily duties will involve:Elicit, validate and consolidate the business requirements, that will influence the business solution designWork with the internal team and business partners to improve product, service and operational processesManage client engagements, relationships and delivery expectations.Create, review and analyse detailed documentation of business systems and user needs.Review technical documents with project staff to ensure business requirements are adequately met.Market monitoring and system benchmarking relative to industry leading solutions.What we need to see:At least 3 years of proven business analysis experience - working with business and IT stakeholders to transform business processes, drive efficiency and deliver robust solutions.Strong communication skillsGood knowledge of MS PackagesSalary: £40-50kIf you are interested - to be considered for the role please forward your CV or ring .Please feel free to circulate this with any friends or contacts that may be interested.Follow us on  "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"Harmonic Group Ltd"	"Harmonic Group Ltd"	"JSB459BA2A/597175297"	"05/12/2018 18:32:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlqIO"	NA	NA	NA
"Business Data Analyst"	"60k Annual 00 GBP"	"City, London"	"Unspecified"	"Business Data Analyst"	"City, London - 60k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Birch & James is partnered with an outstanding machine learning and AI driven data consultancy firm who are challenging traditional big 4 consultancy with innovation and outside of the box delivery science. We are looking for Business Data Analysts who are ambitious, motivated, innovative, and organised. Our client is a rapidly growing organisation that marries cutting edge technology with large scale transformation/change management. With a team of world class technical consultants they are delivering significant data driven changes within the financial services industry. Our client use techniques such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to help teams to foresee issues, improve productivity and deliver efficiently. We are looking for outstanding Business Data Analysts who have a drive to be part of something disruptive and ground-breaking. Key Requirements: 3+ years experience as either a data analyst or business analyst in Consulting/SI/Commercial/BankingStrong data utilisation and stakeholder management skillsGathering, challenging, documenting and presenting requirements in an agile transformation programmeStrong ability in using SQLCommercial experience evidencing creative, innovative or unique utilisation of data & analytics.Benefits: Be a part of a world class teamWork from home on Fridaysoutstanding work life balance challenging the traditional consultancy modelAttractive basic salary + sharesPersonal development enrolmentPersonal growth coachingWork with most cutting edge technologiesPension SchemePrivate HealthcareGym membershipUber for business All successful applicants will be contacted within 48 hours.  "	"City, London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"60k Annual 00 GBP"	"Birch & James Associates Limited"	"Birch & James Associates Limited"	"JS3561_36720522/590369635"	"06/12/2018 09:10:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glwak"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Data Scientist - NLP"	"70k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Data Scientist - NLP"	"London - 70k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - NLP London £55,000-£70,000 + benefits + bonus Do you want to be building solutions to the most challenging business problems, using the most cutting-edge tools and techniques? This is a brand-new opportunity to join a global company where small changes drive massive impact in saving or producing the company millions. This company is investing heavily into finding the next top talent Senior Data Scientist to champion exploratory approaches to machine learning techniques, specifically NLP. THIS COMPANY: This household-name company has a clear vision and business plan, emphasising on a future where customer experience is made simpler. Future plans include bringing artificial intelligence/AI and IoT into their day to day work.You will be joining a culture that pioneers innovation and initiation in product analysis, receiving excellent training and learning opportunities as you will be reporting into one of the leaders in this field. THIS ROLE: You will be working closely with a variety of business areas and with large messy data sets, using Python, to build tailored machine learning products to generate high value and higher impact for the company. Exploring machine learning techniques, including natural language processing (NLP) and building algorithms, in Python, for feature extractionBuilding machine learning models for feature extraction to develop upon brand-new and existing products, using PythonPerforming text analysis on social media textual data using NLP in PythonYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: The successful Senior Data Scientist will have applied natural language processing techniques, using Python, to an industry problemThe ideal Senior Data Scientist will have developed machine learning solutions, in Python, for feature extraction to solve customer analytics problemsExperience performing natural language processing of textual data and creating insights that have been used to improve revenueAbility to effectively deliver complex technical concepts to non-technical management and stakeholdersTHE BENEFITS: £55,000-£70,000BonusPensionHOW TO APPLY: Please register your interest by sending your CV to Kian Dixon via the Apply link on this page. For more information about similar roles, please get in touch! "	"London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"70k Annual 00 GBP"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36488561/596925986"	"06/12/2018 09:10:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwaW"	NA	NA	NA
"RPA Business Analyst"	"GBP"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"RPA Business Analyst"	"Manchester, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"A career in our Assurance Transformation Centre of Excellence practice, within Assurance Transformation Services, will provide you with the opportunity to be responsible for developing functions in PwC that support audit engagement teams and audit quality efforts. You'll focus on enhancing our services related to data auditing, business analytics, visualisation and leveraging of analytic technologies to evaluating complex Enterprise Systems for audit and non audit services.Who are we?PwC is investing in the development of intelligent automation capabilities to support one of the largest growth areas for our technology risk team. Our Centre for Applied Intelligent Automation is the UK competency centre for the development of enterprise solutions utilising emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation, Blockchain and the Internet of Things. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to work with a creative team in an innovative digital environment, helping PwC to be the leading technology enabled professional services firm and deliver exception value for our clients. Competency centre An organisational structure used to coordinate IT skills with an enterprise. Competency centres provide expertise for project or program support, acting both as repositories of knowledge and resource pools for multiple business areas. Skills-based competency centres, the most common type in an information services organisation, are used for application development, software language skills, data management, Internet development and network design. Within the enterprise, it is increasingly common to find competency centers (or shared services) for travel, finance and human resources. Repository-based competencies act exclusively as sources of information.Ideal Candidate The RPA Business Analyst is a role focused on Process management, improvement and monitoring. Expertise in Lean Business Process Improvement and Automation is key to the role as is the ability to work across technical and business subject matter experts (SMEs). As a core member of the RPA Centre of Excellence (CoE) team you will play a central role in evolving the Robotic Process Automation (RPA) capability. Enterprise scale experience and a curious mindset will be needed as will being self-driven and having an aptitude for learning and failing-fast to deliver and improve.The Role and its expectationsReporting to the RPA Leader and acting as a key member of the RPA delivery team.Calculate, track and monitor FTE benefit including effort estimates of build and test activities.Responsible for collation of the as-is and to-be processes and associated documentation as part of the Automation activity and delivery across the team.Highly competency in Change management, Process and Project management.Experience of working in a regulated environment and awareness of compliance requirementsStrong relationship and engagement with business SME's and the Technical teams to capture and improve automation process candidates, readying processes for Automation. Influence for improved outcomes.Facilitates test scenario creation, including identifying test data for the Automated TO BE ProcessPartnering with the RPA development and business teams comprising multi-skilled individuals.Support the Technical Solutions Architect in delivering automations to the expected operational requirements and standards with quality focus on documentation for handover.Recommend and improve the use of metrics to report on performance of process and bots..Process optimisation through the use of Process Improvement, Lean Six Sigma, where possible. Share with the wider PwC organisation as appropriate.Work with process owners/business SME's in understanding, capturing and articulating automation requirements.Support the TSA and associated teams in reviewing risks in the analysis and scoring of process criteria. Client facing experience, with strong verbal and written communication skillsPreferred UIPath Certification (Evidence of experience)Project Management qualifications (PMP, Prince 2, etc)Good experience delivering alongside a development team following the Agile FrameworkCoding experience, or Development exposure to .NET and familiarisation with associated DevOps toolchains (VSTS, Jira, Confluence, GitHub, Kanban, etc)Client facing experience, with strong written and verbal communicationStrong attention to detail, with a quality focus on the resultant output.Comfortable delivering in a complex Enterprise organisation delivering Automation projects (not necessarily RPA) Experience of solutions that have been successfully implemented in Cloud infrastructure (Azure, AWS, Google)Experience delivering RPA solutions including Machine Learning, Cognitive/AI, MI and data warehousing.Evidence of Qualifications/hands-on experience Experience as a BA of the end-to-end development lifecycle including designing, developing, testing and implementing RPA solutionsExperience collaborating with business teams and subject matter experts in understanding, optimising and/or automating business processes.What's in it for you.Diverse portfolio of emerging technology that is meaningful to PwC clients seeking solutions to complex issues that really matter.A fast-paced collaborative team and environment that challenges and encourages innovative and creative thinkers with a fail-fast-and-adapt culture.Opportunity for training in the latest technologies in Automation and the ability to quickly apply learnings.Opportunity to contribute to the way PwC Assurance conducts Automation development"	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"PwC"	"PwC"	"JS29660BR/593980283"	"05/12/2018 18:35:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlqLB"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Engineer"	"60k Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Data Engineer"	"London - 60k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for Data Engineers who are ambitious, motivated, innovative, and organised. Our client is a rapidly growing organisation that marries cutting edge technology with large scale IT change management. With a team of world class technical consultants they are delivering significant changes within the financial services industry. Our client use techniques such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to help teams to foresee issues, improve productivity and deliver efficiently. We are looking for outstanding Data Engineers with experience in both Python and SQL who have a drive to be part of something disruptive and ground-breaking. You must have: 3+ years Data Engineering experience in Consulting/SI/Commercial/Banking3+ years experience with Python and SQLStrong Data Engineering and stakeholder management skillsGathering, challenging, documenting and presenting requirements in an Agile transformation programmeBusiness Analysis skillsKey skills and experience Solid knowledge of relevant technology conceptsExperience in large scale delivery programmes is a strong plusKnowledge of Data Science is desirableStrong communication skills, including prioritizing, problem solving and interpersonal relationship buildingProven time management with organization skills (must be able to prioritize workload and meet deadlines)"	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"60k Annual GBP"	"Birch & James Associates Limited"	"Birch & James Associates Limited"	"JS3561_36690907/596925416"	"05/12/2018 12:50:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnDs"	NA	NA	NA
"Recruitment Manager"	"GBP"	"City, London"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Manager"	"City, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Do you want to work with an organisation that offers you 1st class support, market leading L+D and the capital to allow you to invest and grow your team? Then as a Recruitment Manager, we'd be a great fit for you. Hydrogen Group have always led in the market when utilising the most advanced technology and being at the forefront of capitalising on the ever-changing world of recruitment. We recently took on the newest advent of RPO, utilising this in our Internal Talent model as well as building our own Artificial Intelligence Bot to focus talent on closing deals, rather than admin.As a Recruitment Manager, you will work with an organisation who currently works in over 67 countries, providing thousands of talented individuals to the most renowned organisations in the world. With over twenty years of experience operating in the market, we have an enviable reputation and a great client base.We have a great team here, with an exciting, dynamic and driven group of people. We have won several awards, including Most Socially Engaged, MarCom Platinum Award Winner and Disability Confident Member for example and continue to build on these accolades.We continue to be highly successful, growing year on year and because of this, we are currently looking to continue to increase our head count and bring on board a new Manager for one of our teams. The team are currently performing well but need a great manager who can:Drive and lead a team to achieve the bestLead all one-to-ones and review of consultants in your teamBuild better relationships and improve cross-selling between divisionsActively build out your own desk space, demonstrating your understanding of the market to your teamCreate and develop all process improvement and look at ways we do things and make any relevant suggestions to changeSupport your Director in all reporting and analysisIn return you will be offered the following:Excellent personal bonus potentialTeam bonus - market leading bonus offeringMinority Interest in place to offer your own \"cut\" of your businessTraining and Development - both internal and externalGreat remuneration, including car allowance, free breakfast, Subsidised Gym and HealthcareWhat we're looking for:Those individuals with a first-class approach to talent management and developmentA real understanding of their market space, looking to build on this even further within a supportive and well-established businessExperience of process improvement - making a real difference to what your division is doingA proven track record in bringing on board talent and growing them into market specialists and leader in their fieldA hardworking, driven mentality who never settles for second best "	"City, London, UK"	"HR"	NA	"GBP"	"Hydrogen Group"	"Hydrogen Group"	"JS8E1357DB/574191160"	"01/12/2018 11:12:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz4b"	NA	NA	NA
"Corporate Transaction Lawyer"	"- GBP"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Corporate Transaction Lawyer"	"Manchester, Lancashire - - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Tracking Code 3049 Job Description Latham & Watkins, a leading global law firm, is currently seeking a Corporate Transaction Lawyer to join our vibrant office in Manchester. As one of the largest law firms in the world, Latham's commitment to attracting the best and brightest talent has greatly contributed to the firm's success. Driven by the belief that our strongest asset is our people, Latham & Watkins is dedicated to fostering an environment that supports personal and professional development. Latham's global platform, unique collaborative culture, and deep resources provide unparalleled opportunities for career progression. Latham offers a generous total compensation package with bonuses awarded in recognition of both individual and firm performance. Eligible employees can participate in Latham's comprehensive benefit program which includes health insurance as well as group income protection and life assurance, a pension plan, wellness programs, employee discounts and more. The Corporate transaction lawyers apply their experience and advanced degree education to provide high quality, specialized support to Latham's practice, primarily but not exclusively in the area of M&A due diligence. This includes, but is not limited to, the review of contracts, organizational documents, real estate leases and license agreements, as well as the preparation of reports summarizing the results of that review. Corporate transaction lawyers review and analyze documents for primarily US- and UK-based transactions. The reports they generate include summaries of change-of-control triggers, anti-assignment provisions, most-favored-nation clauses, and other contract-based \"red flags\" raised by the proposed M&A or similar transaction. Corporate transaction lawyers are staff positions, and therefore they are not part of the associate population or partner-track. Additional roles and responsibilities include:. Performs due diligence by reviewing corporate documents, including but not limited to contracts, organizational documents, real estate leases and license agreements, to identify important provisions and terms in connection with US and UK M&A transactions. Prepares summaries of the results of the review of corporate documents, including change-of-control triggers, anti-assignment provisions, most-favored-nation clauses, and other contract-based red flags raised by the proposed M&A, Private Equity or similar transaction. Interacts with associates, counsel, and partners to seek guidance on the terms and provisions that are relevant to a specific transaction, and to provide updates on and legal analysis regarding the results of due diligence.. Works effectively with Virtual Data Room tools (eg, Intralinks, Merrill, etc.) to access due diligence materials. Possess a willingness to learn and use cutting-edge technology, such as artificial intelligence (AI) or machine-based learning software and legal project management tools, to assist in due diligence review and reporting process. Attends training sessions and team meetings with other Corporate Transaction Lawyers. Maintains all continuing legal education requirements. Maintains accurate timecards to account for hours worked in support of legal and firm matters. Acts within scope of authority in a manner consistent with firm guidelines, policies and practices. Completes additional projects on various issues as needed. Promotes effective work practices, works as a team member, and shows respect for co-workers The successful candidate will have the following: A Qualifying Law Degree and Legal Practice Course; or Other Bachelor's Degree, Graduate Diploma in Law and Legal Practice Course. Must be admitted as a solicitor in England & Wales and holding a current practising certificate, or qualified and admitted in a US jurisdiction. Qualification in a US jurisdiction is a plus. A strong amount of related experience at a law firm required. Experience conducting due diligence in connection with M&A transactions, or other corporate process, highly desired. Excellent organizational and analytical skills (eg, organizing, planning, problem-solving and decision-making, commitment to diversity). Well developed and professional interpersonal skills; ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the firm. Ability to work effectively both independently and in a team environment with a customer service focus. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal. Highly skilled technical writing. Highly proficient oral presentation and teaching skills. Strong analytical skills. Organizational skills needed to manage time well, prioritize effectively, and handle multiple deadlines. Ability to develop a strong knowledge of firm policies and procedures. Knowledge and proficiency in PC applications, including MS Office and other programs necessary to complete thorough analyses and reports, and to enhance and deliver high quality written work summaries and presentations. Willingness to learn and use cutting-edge technology, such as AI or machine-based learning software and other legal project management tools. Ability to work under time constraints and solve problems independently and cost-effectively. Latham & Watkins is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Our commitment to diversity, equal opportunity and sustainability enables Latham & Watkins to draw from a remarkable wealth of talent to create one of the world's leading law firms. Job Location Manchester, Manchester, United Kingdom Department Attorney Development Position Type Full-Time/Regular "	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Legal"	NA	"- GBP"	"Latham & Watkins LLP"	"Latham & Watkins LLP"	"JS9846265/592976248"	"05/12/2018 12:48:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnCd"	NA	NA	NA
"Corporate Transaction Lawyer"	"- GBP"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Corporate Transaction Lawyer"	"Manchester, Lancashire - - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Tracking Code 3049 Job Description Latham & Watkins, a leading global law firm, is currently seeking a Corporate Transaction Lawyer to join our vibrant office in Manchester. As one of the largest law firms in the world, Latham's commitment to attracting the best and brightest talent has greatly contributed to the firm's success. Driven by the belief that our strongest asset is our people, Latham & Watkins is dedicated to fostering an environment that supports personal and professional development. Latham's global platform, unique collaborative culture, and deep resources provide unparalleled opportunities for career progression. Latham offers a generous total compensation package with bonuses awarded in recognition of both individual and firm performance. Eligible employees can participate in Latham's comprehensive benefit program which includes health insurance as well as group income protection and life assurance, a pension plan, wellness programs, employee discounts and more. The Corporate transaction lawyers apply their experience and advanced degree education to provide high quality, specialized support to Latham's practice, primarily but not exclusively in the area of M&A due diligence. This includes, but is not limited to, the review of contracts, organizational documents, real estate leases and license agreements, as well as the preparation of reports summarizing the results of that review. Corporate transaction lawyers review and analyze documents for primarily US- and UK-based transactions. The reports they generate include summaries of change-of-control triggers, anti-assignment provisions, most-favored-nation clauses, and other contract-based \"red flags\" raised by the proposed M&A or similar transaction. Corporate transaction lawyers are staff positions, and therefore they are not part of the associate population or partner-track. Additional roles and responsibilities include:. Performs due diligence by reviewing corporate documents, including but not limited to contracts, organizational documents, real estate leases and license agreements, to identify important provisions and terms in connection with US and UK M&A transactions. Prepares summaries of the results of the review of corporate documents, including change-of-control triggers, anti-assignment provisions, most-favored-nation clauses, and other contract-based red flags raised by the proposed M&A, Private Equity or similar transaction. Interacts with associates, counsel, and partners to seek guidance on the terms and provisions that are relevant to a specific transaction, and to provide updates on and legal analysis regarding the results of due diligence.. Works effectively with Virtual Data Room tools (eg, Intralinks, Merrill, etc.) to access due diligence materials. Possess a willingness to learn and use cutting-edge technology, such as artificial intelligence (AI) or machine-based learning software and legal project management tools, to assist in due diligence review and reporting process. Attends training sessions and team meetings with other Corporate Transaction Lawyers. Maintains all continuing legal education requirements. Maintains accurate timecards to account for hours worked in support of legal and firm matters. Acts within scope of authority in a manner consistent with firm guidelines, policies and practices. Completes additional projects on various issues as needed. Promotes effective work practices, works as a team member, and shows respect for co-workers The successful candidate will have the following: A Qualifying Law Degree and Legal Practice Course; or Other Bachelor's Degree, Graduate Diploma in Law and Legal Practice Course. Must be admitted as a solicitor in England & Wales and holding a current practising certificate, or qualified and admitted in a US jurisdiction. Qualification in a US jurisdiction is a plus. A strong amount of related experience at a law firm required. Experience conducting due diligence in connection with M&A transactions, or other corporate process, highly desired. Excellent organizational and analytical skills (eg, organizing, planning, problem-solving and decision-making, commitment to diversity). Well developed and professional interpersonal skills; ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the firm. Ability to work effectively both independently and in a team environment with a customer service focus. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal. Highly skilled technical writing. Highly proficient oral presentation and teaching skills. Strong analytical skills. Organizational skills needed to manage time well, prioritize effectively, and handle multiple deadlines. Ability to develop a strong knowledge of firm policies and procedures. Knowledge and proficiency in PC applications, including MS Office and other programs necessary to complete thorough analyses and reports, and to enhance and deliver high quality written work summaries and presentations. Willingness to learn and use cutting-edge technology, such as AI or machine-based learning software and other legal project management tools. Ability to work under time constraints and solve problems independently and cost-effectively. Latham & Watkins is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Our commitment to diversity, equal opportunity and sustainability enables Latham & Watkins to draw from a remarkable wealth of talent to create one of the world's leading law firms. Job Location Manchester, Manchester, United Kingdom Department Attorney Development Position Type Full-Time/Regular "	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Legal"	NA	"- GBP"	"Latham & Watkins LLP"	"Latham & Watkins LLP"	"JS9846265/592976248"	"05/12/2018 12:48:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnCd"	NA	NA	NA
