"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"duration"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"company_summary"
"C Developer (Software Engineer)"	"up to £320 per Day"	"Hampshire"	"Contract"	"C Developer (Software Engineer)"	"Hampshire - up to £320 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	" Our client are currently looking for a C Developer to work in the Hampshire area, initially on around a 6-month contract but with a view to potentially extend.  Role Overview: To be part of the Software Engineering Team that is responsible for the design and development of the Client project. This will require experience throughout the entire software life cycle and a drive to achieve excellent results. Responsibilities of the role:  The ability to define and elicit detailed software requirements is an essential part of the role and knowledge of use case modelling would also be desirable. The role will require close liaison with the requirements analysts and business analysts so strong communication and the ability to articulate design linkage to requirements is required.   The ability to provide reasoned detailed estimates will be a key aspect of the role and working with both project management and other technical personnel will be on a daily basis.   Design knowledge is critical with a proven background in the Unified Modeling Language (UML) key to the expression of design artefacts with knowledge of design tools such as Sparx EA, Artisan, ROSE, RSA etc desirable.   Experience of both functional and Object Oriented Design and engineering is essential as the product is evolving from following a functional to an OO design discipline. System level architecture is strongly desirable but essential knowledge in areas of multi-threading, interprocess communication and memory management must be demonstrated.   Working knowledge of, and a proven ability, to specify and conduct detailed unit and system integration testing is essential with knowledge of GoogleTest/nUnit (and derivatives) being strongly desired. Interfacing with test professionals is a required element of the role and the ability to review test collateral will be expected as part of the software engineering team.   The ability to conduct code reviews and inspections and provide constructive comments will be expected. A proven ability in problem determination will also need to be demonstrated with an understanding of debugging and fault finding essential.  Assumed Skills Required:  Requirements analysis   Modular Design   Unit Testing (eg GoogleTest, nUnit, cUnit,cppUnit)   Integration Testing   Experience of Configuration Management & source control tools (eg ClearCase, CVS, Subversion)   Build tool chain experience (eg make, ANT)  Essential Skills Required:  C   Application Development   Linux/Unix   Strong understanding of end to end software life cycle  Desirable Skills:  UIM/X   C++   Python  Synergize Consulting are an equal opportunities organisation. "	"Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"6 months initially"	"3/12/2018"	"up to £320 per Day"	"Synergize Consulting Ltd"	"Josh Falkner"	"JSCDEV"	"30/11/2018 10:14:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GjHyE"	NA
"Embedded C Developer/Linux OS Developer"	"Competitive"	"Brighton, East Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Embedded C Developer/Linux OS Developer"	"Brighton, East Sussex - Competitive"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Embedded C Developer/Linux OS Developer Brighton, East SussexEmbedded C Developer/Linux OS Developer required to join our important and highly regarded international client based just outside of Brighton. Joining the Development Team you'll be working on multiple projects, some lasting for just a few days and others for months. As well as developing new features on their product range and working on the maintenance and support of current software you will provide and maintain Linux Kernel support for their existing and future products. You will be working on all aspects of the products from specifying requirements, design, implementation through to testing and release.Successful candidates will need to have at least 1 year's experience in both Embedded C Development and interfacing to Linux Kernel (for Embedded systems). Ideally you will also have exposure either academically or in the workplace of experience with ARM processors and programming in at least one Scripting language (Bash, Python, Lua, etc).This is a great opportunity for someone with commercial experience looking to progress their career, gain valuable knowledge within a fast moving, successful manufacturing company. Linux, C/C++, Embedded, ARM, ScriptingBrighton, East SussexOur client are offering a competitive salary depending on experience"	"Brighton, East Sussex, UK"	"IT, Engineering"	NA	NA	"Competitive"	"ARC IT Recruitment"	"Marcus Freeman "	"JS-MF5169"	"30/11/2018 15:39:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqNI"	NA
"SC Cleared - C Developer"	"£320/Day"	"Hook, Hampshire"	"Contract"	"SC Cleared - C Developer"	"Hook, Hampshire - £320/Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"The ability to define and elicit detailed software requirements is an essential part of the role and knowledge of use case modelling would also be desirable. The role will require close liaison with the requirements analysts and business analysts so strong communication and the ability to articulate design linkage to requirements is required. The ability to provide reasoned detailed estimates will be a key aspect of the role and working with both project management and other technical personnel will be on a daily basis. Design knowledge is critical with a proven background in the Unified Modeling Language (UML) key to the expression of design artefacts with knowledge of design tools such as Sparx EA, Artisan, ROSE, RSA etc desirable. Experience of both functional and Object Oriented Design and engineering is essential as the product is evolving from following a functional to an OO design discipline. System level architecture is strongly desirable but essential knowledge in areas of multi-threading, interprocess communication and memory management must be demonstrated. Working knowledge of, and a proven ability, to specify and conduct detailed unit and system integration testing is essential with knowledge of GoogleTest/nUnit (and derivatives) being strongly desired. Interfacing with test professionals is a required element of the role and the ability to review test collateral will be expected as part of the software engineering team. The ability to conduct code reviews and inspections and provide constructive comments will be expected. A proven ability in problem determination will also need to be demonstrated with an understanding of debugging and fault finding essential. Assumed Skills: Requirements analysis Modular Design Unit Testing (eg GoogleTest, nUnit, cUnit,cppUnit) Integration Testing Experience of Configuration Management & source control tools (eg ClearCase, CVS, Subversion) Build tool chain experience (eg make, ANT) MUST HOLD A VALID SC CLEARANCE"	"Hook, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"6 months initial contract"	NA	"£320/Day"	"Synergize Consulting Ltd"	"Nathan Maguire"	"JS"	"30/11/2018 10:49:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp2m"	NA
".NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC JavaScript SQL"	"£50k - £75k per annum + Benefits, Remote Working"	"London"	"Permanent"	".NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC JavaScript SQL"	"London - £50k - £75k per annum + Benefits, Remote Working"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	".NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC WebAPI JavaScript SQLA technology focused company that specialise in Art and Photography are seeking an experienced .NET Developer/C' Developer to join their growing team which is based remotely around London. You will be working remotely within this team with monthly visits to their HQ based in Central London.The .NET Developer will be working remotely on a niche software product using C#.NET and Open Source technologies, utilising a bleeding-edge technology stack. Their prodct is currently being used by 50,000 separate users (clients), growing on a daily basis.Desired .NET Developer Exposure:C# .NETAsp.NET MVC, WebAPI, RESTJavaScript (Angular, React, Bootstrap, jQuery)SQL Server + Other DBsTDD, Agile (Scrum)ANY cloud exposure is a massive plus (they use Windows Azure)Key Skills/Traits:Mathematical BackgroundLogical thinking The interview will be based around how you think, approach code and tackle problems rather than based purely on what frameworks or tools you've worked with in the past. They're after a .NET Developer who is pragmatic in their approach, uses the best tool for the job and takes pride and ownership over their work.You'll be joining an existing team of Developers who work on the full stack, Back End and UI builds, who collaborate via Slack, Skype etc.Please apply for this position ASAP, it's a truly fantastic opportunity and one you do not want to not explore at the very least!.NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC WebAPI SQL"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"ASAP"	"£50k - £75k per annum + Benefits, Remote Working"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Reece Graves"	"JS-RG/REMOTE/.NET"	"30/11/2018 15:52:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqPC"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."
".NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC JavaScript SQL"	"£50k - £75k per annum + Benefits, Remote Working"	"London"	"Permanent"	".NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC JavaScript SQL"	"London - £50k - £75k per annum + Benefits, Remote Working"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	".NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC WebAPI JavaScript SQLA technology focused company that specialise in Art and Photography are seeking an experienced .NET Developer/C' Developer to join their growing team which is based remotely around London. You will be working remotely within this team with monthly visits to their HQ based in Central London.The .NET Developer will be working remotely on a niche software product using C#.NET and Open Source technologies, utilising a bleeding-edge technology stack. Their prodct is currently being used by 50,000 separate users (clients), growing on a daily basis.Desired .NET Developer Exposure:C# .NETAsp.NET MVC, WebAPI, RESTJavaScript (Angular, React, Bootstrap, jQuery)SQL Server + Other DBsTDD, Agile (Scrum)ANY cloud exposure is a massive plus (they use Windows Azure)Key Skills/Traits:Mathematical BackgroundLogical thinking The interview will be based around how you think, approach code and tackle problems rather than based purely on what frameworks or tools you've worked with in the past. They're after a .NET Developer who is pragmatic in their approach, uses the best tool for the job and takes pride and ownership over their work.You'll be joining an existing team of Developers who work on the full stack, Back End and UI builds, who collaborate via Slack, Skype etc.Please apply for this position ASAP, it's a truly fantastic opportunity and one you do not want to not explore at the very least!.NET Developer (REMOTE, UK) - C# ASP.NET MVC WebAPI SQL"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"ASAP"	"£50k - £75k per annum + Benefits, Remote Working"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Reece Graves"	"JS-RG/REMOTE/.NET"	"30/11/2018 15:52:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqPC"	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."
