"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"duration"	"category"	"company_summary"
"Data Science - London - £60k - £75k"	"£60k - 70k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Science - London - £60k - £75k"	"London - £60k - 70k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data Science - London - £60k - £75k My client works with large food companies and specializes in managing the food processing.  This client is looking to set up a new Data Science hub within London, creating a brand new team.Data Scientist Role Requirements: Seriously passionate about solving data problems.  Entrepreneurial attitude/self-starter with the ability to spot data-backed variables influencing growth and forecast their evolution.  Strong attention to detail and organisation.  Outstanding communication skills in order to explain complex data problems in a non-technical way.  Commercial mindset and a good understanding of what data contributes to the overall business objectives both short and long-term.  Ability to work under pressure in a ludicrously fast-paced and scaling business.  Very strong SQL and BI software skills (ideally Mode or similar).  Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, macros, charts, functions and VBA modelling.  BSc degree (or higher) in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or any other highly quantitative field from a top-tier University.Nice-to-haves: Commercial understanding of marketplace mechanics and what this looks like from a data standpoint would be epic.  Engineering background in order to work end to end with data. -  Implementation of tracking to data-visualisation.  Experience working with cross-departmental data analytics (Product, Marketing, Customer Service and Growth)  Experience working with data mining/stat languages (Python) is preferred.  Experience working with performance marketing analytics tools (Facebook, Google Adwords/analytics etc…)  Knowledge of data visualisation tools such as Mode, Periscope, or Tableau.Skills Python, Data Analysis, SQL, Communication Skills, AnalyticsGet in touch with myself, Dominic at Opus if you would like to be considered for this role. Data Science - London - £60k - £75k "	"London, UK"	"IT, Science"	"2018-12-16"	"£60k - 70k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Dominic Fox "	"JSDATA SCIENCE - EAST LONDON"	"03/12/2018 18:24:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSpX"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science Manager"	"£Competitive Salary DOE Plus Benefits GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Science Manager"	"London - £Competitive Salary DOE Plus Benefits GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Data Science Manager Notting Hill, London £Competitive salary DOE + Flexible Benefits, Bonus, Flexible Working Hours, 25 Days' Holiday + Day Off on BirthdayTell me about VCharge .VCharge is the centrepiece of OVO's ambition in becoming the world leader in distributed energy technology. It is an intelligent control layer running on top of the already existing energy infrastructure, giving both the market players as well the end consumers a fast forward ticket to the distributed energy future. VCharge will be the nervous system of the OVO's energy IoT landscape sitting between grid operators and end customers, and connecting energy suppliers, energy IoT and VPP.Join a team of top-notch tech talent in their quest to shape the energy ecosystem of the future. You will be working shoulder to shoulder with people from Facebook, Amazon, Manor Racing, Goldman Sachs, to name but a few.That sounds great! What will I be doing?You'll manage a small team of data scientists whilst also being hands on as a senior data scientist. You will be interacting with senior stakeholders in the business as well as your peers (product managers and engineering managers) to better understand the problem space and shape the data science agenda. In addition to line management duties, you will need to bring best practices and processes to the team and help each of the team members maximise their potential. You will help define what success looks like for the team and define clear team and personal objectives for each of the team members.You'll apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our core/business products.That sounds super exciting, but Do I have what it takes?- Extensive experience as a data scientist  - Experience in a hands-on managerial role in a collaborative data science team. - Experience in physical simulation, control systems, time series modelling and forecasting. statistical learning. Experience with complex data set visualisations. - Solid understanding of statistics, algorithmics, optimisation and modelling techniques. - Experience working with senior stakeholders, Laser focus on delivery. Experience working closely with product managers and engineering managers. - Experience in setting tools/processes/frameworks to facilitate the work of the data science team. Big focus on communication and Cross-sector/industry experience. - Used to working with large volumes of data, and is knowledgeable of the various tools to manipulate these as well as various data manipulation and visualisation tools. Experience with data science cloud platform technologies (eg AWS/GCP). - Led successful data science projects from inception, design, implementation, testing, deployment, visualisation and stakeholder presentation. - Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance. Ability to visualise, communicate and explain complicated concepts to a non-technical crowd. - Fluency in SQL and Python - Go/Scala would be a plus. - Be up to date on the latest trends in the data science/data engineering community.Benefits- Sunday Times' top 20 list of the best companies to work for - 4% on top of salary for flexible benefits - The opportunity to get involved with conferences, meet-ups, hackathons, tech talks and teaching kids to code - A clearly defined career path - Open plan office in Notting Hill - Free breakfast every day and lunch on Fridays - Lots of social events - Training budget - Matched volunteering and matched fundraisingThis vacancy is being advertised by Webrecruit. The services advertised by Webrecruit are those of an Employment Agency.Additional Keywords: Data Science Manager, Senior Data Scientist, Lead Data Scientist, Data Science Manager, Data Insight Manager, Senior Data Insight Analyst, Data Analysis Manager or Data Science Specialist."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£Competitive Salary DOE Plus Benefits GBP"	"OVO Energy"	"OVO Energy"	"JS2592748_RP567422731/590845180"	"29/11/2018 09:56:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkghI"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science Manager (Pricing) | SW London | £60-70k"	"£60-70k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Science Manager (Pricing) | SW London | £60-70k"	"London - £60-70k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"One of the world's leading insurers and warranty providers is looking to grow their Data Science team further by adding a Data Science Manager to oversee their pricing strategies. My client has been operating for over 100 years, insuring everything from livestock, central heating, TV's and even VR headsets. The Data Science team is a new venture for the business and is leading the company in a new exciting direction which champions automation, personalisation and data-driven decision making. The Data Science Manager will work directly with the Head of Data Science and will lead the successful delivery of the company's pricing strategy using advanced analytics and Machine Learning. You will grow and lead a team of Data Scientists and Pricing Analysts and will continually evolve the pricing models, delivering comprehensive pricing analyses. You will do this by building Machine Learning models that will tackle projects such as recommendation engines and Real Time pricing. Additionally you will monitor competitors' behaviour to maintain pricing optimisation. The right person for this role will have significant experience developing and implementing pricing models as well as have in-depth statistical skills with the ability to build Machine Learning models. You will be proficient programming in R as well as utilising SQL, any experience with tools such as DataRobot & Earnix is a bonus! In addition to your technical skills, you will also have the right personality to grow in to a leadership position, you must be able to provide examples of where you have managed or mentored junior members of staff and will be keen to build on this experience. As well as having the opportunity to be a part of the transformation of a large Legacy company, the career progression on offer is incredible. Promoting from within is a core concept this company stick by, an example of this being the current Head of Data Science who was promoted from a Senior Data Scientist position to become the current head of' within just over 2 years! Based in SW London, just 15 mins away from Waterloo station, this is a fantastic opportunity for someone considering their future career in this area. To find out more please contact Andy Driver."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60-70k"	"RedCat Solutions "	"Andy Driver "	"JS"	"27/11/2018 07:04:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gh1yD"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science Manager"	""	"Maidstone"	"Permanent"	"Data Science Manager"	"Maidstone"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This position is based within a fast growing credit management service provider based in Kent. The company is looking for an experienced Data Scientist or Credit Risk modeller to lead the Data Science team. The data science team is focused on understanding, measuring and predicting customer behaviour.SummaryThis opportunity is based within one of the largest and fastest growing credit management services providers in Europe. My client is searching for a Data Scientist/Credit Risk Modeller to lead their Data Science team. Key Responsibilities:Project based delivery of statistical and empirical analytics.Data warehouse interrogation, data collection, sample selection and preparation.Statistical model building to agreed objectives and deadlines.Become a subject matter expert.To be an owner in the business of making better predictions of payer behaviour and propensities to behave in each situation, through a better understanding in the drivers of consumer behaviour.Communicate well with our colleagues and listen to our customers.Explain the technical aspects of statistics to the team and wider as required.Clear project planning and management.Follow model development through to implementation and be prepared to automate models in the business, through SAS or other coding and quality checking.Critical assessment of Credit Bureau Data and other 3rd party data.Coach and mentor Junior Analysts.Work to further the understanding of consumer behaviour relating to the services provided by CCM.Work with other teams and departments to ensure modelling output is correctly deployed into the business.Key Requirements:Numerical degree or evidence of equivalent certification. Master's degree or PhD is preferred.Technical certification in interrogation software preferred (SAS, R, Python, SQL).Strong communication skills.Problem solving skills.Leadership skills.An interest in financial services.Two years + of managerial experience is preferred.If you would be interested in discussing this opportunity further, please get in touch.Phone/Email: (see below) "	"Maidstone, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Robert Walters"	"Lucy Cova "	"JS-50322133/001"	"03/12/2018 15:48:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQyF"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science Internship 2019 (1 Year FTC)"	"London: £23,406, Newcastle: £17,837 (at the end of the int GBP"	"Newcastle, Staffordshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Data Science Internship 2019 (1 Year FTC)"	"Newcastle, Staffordshire - London: £23,406, Newcastle: £17,837 (at the end of the int GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"About the NAOThe National Audit Office (NAO) supports Parliament to hold the government to account for the way public services are delivered. Our primary role is to scrutinise public spending for Parliament. We do this by certifying over 350 government accounts and produce around 65 Value for Money (VFM) reports each year.About the internshipWe are looking to recruit up to three people to participate in our year long, data science internship scheme starting from September 2019.We expect you will spend most of your time applying strong quantitative and qualitative analytical skills to build and implement analytical tools to support our range of assurance work. In addition, we also expect you to spend some of your time collaborating with our financial auditors to review high value, high risk quantitative models which underpin accounting estimates. For example, the value of the student loans book, the rate of fraud and error in tax credit and benefit payments and the money needed in the future, to compensate people who have experienced clinical negligence.Key skills/competencies requiredNo previous experience of audit is necessary and training will be provided in key Data Science skills such as R, SQL and Tableau dashboard building.But we have some minimum criteria which you will need to meet: 120 UCAS points (from the 2017 tariff) from your top 3 A Level grades (or equivalent) including Maths. General Studies does not count. If you have 104 UCAS points from the 2017 tariff (or equivalent) you may still be eligible to apply.  Took an undergraduate degree course with a substantive analytical component such as data science, operational research, mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, management science, economics (the data science internship is unlikely to be suitable for people studying accounting finance degree courses), where:  o You are in your second year of a sandwich degree course  o You are in your final year and are expecting a 2.1 degree or better, or  o You have completed your undergraduate degree course and achieved a 2.1 degree or better You must be a UK, Commonwealth, EEA or Swiss national to comply with Civil Service nationality rules and must hold a valid work permit. We are not able to sponsor work visas.Some previous programming experience is desirable but not essentialThe deadline for applications is Sunday 2 December 2018, 23:55pm BST.If you pass the initial application stage, we will invite you to complete a technical exercise followed by a telephone interview. This will then be followed by a final interview.If you are successful, you will start the internship on 2 September 2019.  "	"Newcastle, Staffordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"London: £23,406, Newcastle: £17,837 (at the end of the int GBP"	"National Audit Office"	"National Audit Office"	"JS257006522_RP559289365/571260734"	"03/12/2018 15:55:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQQp"	NA	NA	NA
"Business Analyst - Data Science/Big Data"	"Market rate"	"London"	"Contract"	"Business Analyst - Data Science/Big Data"	"London - Market rate"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Business Analyst - Data Science/Big Data - Agile - London An urgent 6 month opportunity has arisen with a global market leading organisation for a Business Analyst to join a busy transformation project. Skills:  5+ years as a Business Analyst with a global organisation  Requirements management  Excellent written and verbal communication, preferably with technical writing skills  Agile experience  Understanding of Data science practices Please get in touch ASAP for more information. Business Analyst - Data Science/Big Data - Agile - London "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Market rate"	"Harris Global"	"Stacy Ball"	"JSSB/HARRIS/DS"	"03/12/2018 16:23:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRR6"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Head of Data Science - Top Tier Bank"	"£100k per annum + Company Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Data Science - Top Tier Bank"	"London - £100k per annum + Company Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Head of Data Science - Top Tier Bank - London - £100k+ with excellent company benefitsMy client is a well-known top tier bank based in central London. As they develop their data driven decision making model, they are using the latest data science techniques and sophisticated algorithms to produce powerful insight.You will get the opportunity to work for a great brand on disruptive banking projects. You'll have the chance to build out a data science team work alongside data engineers and product owners to improve overall performance of the banking products and customer engagement.The ideal Candidate will have:Extensive experience as a hands on data scientist and the ability to build your own Machine Learning algorithms. This will not always be required but this is not just a hands off management role.A track record of building and developing high performance data science teamsworked with large volumes of data on Big Data Platformsexperience of working in cross-functional teamsThe ability to work directly with external stakeholders to develop and deliver analytical solutionsDevelop reporting solutions, integrate current strategy with disruptive new ideasThis is a great opportunity to work in with a strong team and great company. As this team grows, evolves and new projects are work this will become even more of a long term career opportunity. Data Science within Financial services is changing and this is a great opportunity to be part of it.This is an excellent to opportunity to take your career to a new level. DON'T get left behind APPLY NOW! To discuss this exciting Business Intelligence and Analytics opportunity in more detail please send your CV to (see below) or call Andrew Poxton on (see below) in complete confidence ASAP.  Parallel Consulting is a leading Analytics Recruitment Consultancy with many live Contract and Permanent job opportunities. We deal with Clients throughout the UK, Europe and USA. Parallel Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£100k per annum + Company Benefits"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Andrew Poxton "	"JS-4585 AP"	"27/11/2018 18:34:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRem"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"CTO/Head of Data Science"	"Up to £80K"	"London"	"Permanent"	"CTO/Head of Data Science"	"London - Up to £80K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"CTOData Science Start-Up Tech firmJoin and lead a growing Data Science and Software Engineering teamExcellent opportunity to join a forward thinking and innovative firm and help shape it moving forwardWork remotely with 2-3 days per month in LondonThis is an excellent opportunity to join a growing start-up firm and to help shape the business moving forward, get involved in new projects for the company and make a real impact to support the growth of the business. The company have a strong product that has had a great deal of praise by the companies that they work with and they are winning repeat business to support these companies with their data science challenges. What you'll be doing You will be coming into the business at a critical time, they are about to move from a product company to also adding on data science services for current and new clients. Your role will be to lead the Data Science and Software Engineering teams and have a big input into technology and commercial strategies. Their product has use cases across eCommerce, Financial Services, Healthcare, Content Discovery, Competitor Monitoring, Compliance and more. What experience you'll need to applyExperience of leading a Data Science or Analytics functionHands on python data science skillsClient facing experienceWorked on multiple data science projectsAn interest in business strategy and technology managementWhat you'll get in return for your experience A salary of up to £80K + benefitsFully remote workingEquity - % to be discussedWhat's next?Please get in touch with Alex with an up to date CV today. Don't hesitate to call/email to discuss the finer details."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Up to £80K"	"AD LIB"	"Alex Cosgrove "	"JSREMOTE DATA SCIENCE TECH FIRM"	"03/12/2018 09:44:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlMXL"	NA	NA	NA
"Technical Trainer - Data Science"	"£55k - £80k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Technical Trainer - Data Science"	"London - £55k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Title: Technical Trainer - Data ScienceLocation: LondonType: Full time permanentSalary: £55,000 pa - £80,000 paCapita are looking for enthusiastic Technical Trainers to educate people in Data Science. The Technical Trainer will join a successful Development and Implementation training programme that will train high calibre graduate level individuals who will then be placed on client site.The Technical Trainer role would be ideal for someone with experience in training graduate level people in Data Science technologies.This would also suit someone that is coming from a commercial background as a Data Scientist or data related field looking to make a move in to training.The role will require:Creation, development and delivery of a programme of courses/workshops intended to develop graduates and professionals into introductory IT professionals within roles such as: Software Developers and Business Analysts.You will deliver all forms of training (one-to-one, small groups) and carry out training needs analysis, as well as identifying new training areas.Technical trainers must be extremely knowledgeable in their field of expertise and possess solid technical aptitude. Additionally, we expect you to be an excellent communicator, able to explain complex subjects in a clear and interesting way.Technical Trainer/Data Science/LondonCapita IT Resourcing is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"London, UK"	"IT, Education"	"ASAP"	"£55k - £80k per annum"	"Capita Resourcing IT"	"Waqar Zaidi "	"JS-BBBH16043"	"29/11/2018 16:50:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjpA"	"Permanent"	"Graduate"	NA
"Full Stack Developer - Data Science - Node, London"	"70k-90k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Full Stack Developer - Data Science - Node, London"	"London - 70k-90k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Full Stack Developer- Data Science - Node, London Full Stack Developer, who is skilled in Node & Elasticsearch, to join a Team that focus on data and search projects. The role sits closely working with SEO, analysing patterns in their traffic data using Elasticsearch, Google Bigquery, and working with REST API's of 3rd party services etc. Main technical skills - NodeJS - Elasticsearch - BigQuery, Google Cloud, AWS, REST API's, Google Analytics, NLP, Machine Learning, web scraping/headless browsing, automated testing, SEO - Excellent opportunity to join a leading Market leading company and gain exposure working on Data, Machine Learning and SEO."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"70k-90k"	"Digitech Resourcing"	"sandeep mangat "	"JS_NODEPERM2_SM"	"30/11/2018 16:36:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqiO"	NA	NA	NA
"Big Data & Data Science Solution Architect"	"Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Big Data & Data Science Solution Architect"	"Southampton, Hampshire - Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	" Southampton, UK  Full-time or contract Company Description We pledge \"to prove IT can make a real difference to our customer's businesses\". We work hard to ensure we understand what our customers need from their technology solutions and then we deliver.We are an award-winning company who provide world class customer service; we think big and we hire great people. Version 1 are more than just another IT services company - we are leaders in implementing and supporting Oracle, Microsoft and AWS technologies.Invest in us and we'll invest in you; if you are driven, committed and up for a challenge, we want to meet you.pec to Follow Job Description With increasingly vast seas of digital information, smart organisations can today do things that were up to now impossible; spot unseen business trends, prevent diseases, make our roads safer and so on. At Version 1 our Mission is to prove IT can make a real difference. We prove this every day and due to continued expansion we're searching for like-minded individuals to help us take it to the next level'. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Big data/Data Science Solutions Architect. A permanent position initially based on site in Southampton but primarily in our London office, you will join a growing team within our Data Analytics team, a part of Version 1's Digital Transformation Practice.  The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in leading and delivering Azure Data Analytics solutions with Enterprise level organisations. We are seeking someone who can create and deliver a BI vision with customers across many sectors. You will be highly proficient working with business stakeholders and directing project teams and will have direct experience of a range of BI Tools and Platforms. Able to work independently you will be responsible for generating new business, working with our sales team, writing technical specifications for tenders and overseeing the delivery of BI team leads. You will ideally have at least 7 years' BI experience and a proven track record architecting enterprise level Business Intelligence Solutions. You will manage your own and your team's performance to deliver agreed outcomes and work with Sales to generate new offerings and propositions. Your main responsibilities will be: Designing and delivering Azure Data Analytics solutions Delivering and presenting Proofs of Concept to prospective customers. Requirements Analysis and Solution Architecture Design. Datamodelling and data architecture design. ETL, data integration and data migration design. Master data management system and process design and implementation. Data quality system and process design. Analysis of requirements and production of specifications. Documentation of solutions (eg data models, configurations, and setup). Working within a project management/agile delivery methodology in a leading role as part of a wider team. Supporting pre-sales discussions. Deal with other stakeholders/end users in the software development life cycle - PMs, BAs, testing etc Qualifications You will have: Direct experience of solution shaping and architecture development during pre-sales including excellent documentation skills. Microsoft Azure Big Data Architecture certification. Hands on experience designing and delivering solutions using the Azure Data Analytics platform (Cortana Intelligence Platform) including Azure Storage, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Data Lake, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure Search, Azure Databricks Recent experience with Open Surce technologies such Apache Spark, Hadoop, NoSQL, Kafka, Solr Experience with best practice design principles and approaches for a range of application styles and technologies to help guide and steer decisions. Experience working with structured and unstructured data including imaging & geospatial data. Experience working in a Dev/Ops environment with tools such as Chef, Puppet or Terraform Experience of motivating and managing team performance in delivering to agreed timelines  and you'll be able to provide evidence and examples of where you have demonstrated these skills in the past. If so, we'd love to speak with you. Additional Information Open to contract or permanent applications. This is an opportunity to join one of the biggest Big-Data Projects in the UK and join a growing Microsoft Azure Capability team  Suzanne Whelan,Version 1 Talent Acquisition Team Manager We are an equal opportunities employer. Please refer to our Diversity & Inclusion statement on the website."	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Excellent rates or salary + profit share + benefits"	"Version1"	"Suzanne Whelan "	"JSSWBIGDATAARCHITECT1118"	"29/11/2018 09:53:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GjhLK"	"6mnths or perm"	NA	NA
"Tableau Consultant - London - Data Science/Machine Learning"	"Up to £60k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Tableau Consultant - London - Data Science/Machine Learning"	"London - Up to £60k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Caspian one are currently looking for a Tableau Consultant for a large Data Science/Machine Learning/AI organisation based in Central London. The Client: Our Client captures data on projects - such as daily tasks, meeting notes, team sentiment, resource information and project progress - and use it to guide better decision-making. They do this by using machine learning, this enables them to predict the path of a project, helping teams to foresee issues, improve productivity and deliver efficiently. They are building a unique software package which integrates project management tooling with data science and analytics to support teams working on large change programmes to make better project decisions and predict upcoming issues through data insight, visualisation, predictive analytics and Real Time reporting. The Role: Our client is looking for a number of Tableau Consultants with at least 3 years of relevant experience to work their client teams to drive out analytical requirements through prototyping and visualization. The ideal candidate must have a passion for beautiful visualisation and data storytelling, and will have experience in the following: Developing reporting and data visualisations for clients in the form of advanced dashboards and workbooks. Understanding infrastructure requirements and best practices to support a Tableau deployment. Developing and documenting technical architecture, system design and other technical aspects. Be able to provide examples of producing impactful visualisations. Essential Skills: 3+ years of experience creating static and interactive visualizations, reports, and workbooks in Tableau. Ability to write SQL in order to pull, join, and aggregate data in order to create views for Tableau. Ability to work closely with users to understand the business purpose the report serves and identify/fix bugs. Self-starter and self-directed with some level of inquisitiveness to query and test results. Beneficial to have previous experience with QlikView. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Up to £60k"	"Caspian One Ltd"	"Nathan Keighley "	"JSNK8604"	"03/12/2018 09:02:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gj84b"	NA	NA	NA
"Big Data Architect - Consultancy Background, Data Science, Data Analytics, Data Warehousing, BI"	"£650-£800 a Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Big Data Architect - Consultancy Background, Data Science, Data Analytics, Data Warehousing, BI"	"London - £650-£800 a Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Big Data Architect (Senior/Lead) - Consultancy Background, Data Science, Data Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing (DW)  Our client is looking for a highly experienced Big Data Architecture (Senior/Lead) specialist who has a broad Data Management Consultancy background and strong advisory experience, in addition to strong technical Big Data Architecture experience. You'll ideally have solid experience of designing enterprise scale data solutions, complex Real Time solutions and have experience of building teams.Must experience of working to exec level and have strong experience in evaluating Big Data technologies, tools to define Big Data Strategy and Reference architecture for Enterprise Data Lake. Suited candidates are likely to be passionate about technology, delivering business value and competitive advantage through Data. Big Data certification is desirable. Technologies Hadoop technologies YARN Hive HBase  NoSQL Spark  Cloud TOGAF Please apply immediately if you want to be considered for this Contract role or call Bangura Solutions on (see below)."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"10 December 2018"	"£650-£800 a Day"	"Bangura Solutions"	"Marcus Wallace "	"JSSB/BIGDATAARC/9"	"28/11/2018 17:35:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkbBL"	"9 months initially"	"Executive"	NA
"Senior Data Engineer - Alteryx - Tableau- Data Science"	"£600-£800 Per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Senior Data Engineer - Alteryx - Tableau- Data Science"	"London - £600-£800 Per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Data Analyst - Alteryx - Macros - Tableau - Blending - LOD - Data Engineering - DBA - Cubes - Marts - Data Science - Python - R - Matlabetc - Database Design - Data Architecture - Agile *YOU MUST HAVE OUTSTANDING ALTERYX SKILLS TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS ROLE.*iKas International are currently recruiting for a Senior Data Engineer Professional on behalf of an industry renowned, market leading investment bank who are looking to grow out their data analytics team. Sitting within one of the banks most business critical areas, this is an opportunity for an accomplished Data Engineer with a minimum of 8-10 years experience in Data Science who can help with the blending, engineering and modelling of large datasets into meaningful structures. You will be delivering the visualisation of data into insightful and usable dashboards. The ideal candidate will have previous experience delivering within an investment bank providing exceptional Alteryx Designer capabilities. You will possess excellent Tableau capabilities with a minimum of 8 years in either Data engineering or Software Development. Excellent Understanding of:Excellent Alteryx Designer skillsExpert Tableau knowledge (table calcs, blending, LOD5+ years in Data Engineering or Software DevelopmentKnowledgeable of database design and best practise data architecturesStrong analysis skills, the skill to resolve complex problems and posit pragmatic solutionsExcellent verbal, written and interpersonal skillsExperience working in a team-orientated, collaborative environmentAbility to lead discussions to a conclusionIf this sounds in-line with your skills and experience, please apply to get in touch and find out more from one of our specialist consultants.Your International Talent ProvideriKas International Limited is providing recruitment services for this role. By clicking 'APPLY NOW', you confirm that you understand that any personal data you submit through your application will be used to provide you with our recruitment services. For further detail on how iKas International Limited process your data, please read the iKas Privacy Statement. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£600-£800 Per Day"	"iKas International"	"Charlotte Ellis "	"JS-211118"	"30/11/2018 10:49:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp2l"	"6-12 months +"	"Executive"	NA
".Net Developer - Microservices, CQRS, Data Science, Angular"	"£34k - £64k per annum + Package"	"Leatherhead, Surrey"	"Permanent"	".Net Developer - Microservices, CQRS, Data Science, Angular"	"Leatherhead, Surrey - £34k - £64k per annum + Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"C# Developer: interested in delivering scalable solutionsJunior, Mid-level and Senior Developer openingsLeatherhead, Surrey£34k - 64k + Package (Negotiable for the right candidate)Job descriptionDo you want to be part of a company focused on massive growth and heading in a new and exciting direction? Do you want to help them save lives by changing the driving behaviour of drivers with cutting edge technology?My client are a SaaS provider who have been successfully doing that for 7 years.The use innovative and massively scalable cloud-based technologies to improve driver safety and help them get great discounts on their car insurance.They are looking for developers who are passionate about delivering solutions to complex problems using best practice approaches and the latest technology.They have lots of greenfield projects to start and minimal Legacy code.They work as a collaborative, friendly team, where everyone's input is valued from initial design to deployment. Whether joining at a Junior, Mid or Senior level they are invested in each team member's development, continuously evolving and refining the ways they work.Some features of their team approach:*Proposed solutions judged on their merits, not seniority*Technology choices based on applicability, not history*DDD*Agile practices*CI with automated testing*Azure hosting - services, API's, data storage and databases*Message-based, distributed architecture*TDD, Design patterns, SOLID principlesAbout the roleCandidates will gain invaluable experience over the course of their career and be exposed to the full software development life cycle.Junior candidates will start learning from day one and will be encouraged to employ best practice development techniques. Candidates will be supported by the senior team but will most importantly have a voice on all projects they work on.Mid and senior candidates will be expected to take project ownership and responsibility for producing high quality solutions. They will be directly involved in what they build and how they build it. They'll also be expected to offer guidance and mentoring to less experienced developers on the team.About youWith a new CEO joining the business at the end of 2017, they're looking for someone who can work under business pressures with the overall company goals at the forefront.They're looking for smart, ambitious people who are keen to help them shape and refine their current ways of working. The ideal candidate will demonstrate solid technical skills, have a passion for writing great code and be willing to participate in or lead a team of developers.Core skills and experience:*C#, .NET Framework*Visual Studio*SQLNot essential, but good to have:*Microservices*CQRS*Event sourcing, Publish - subscribe patterns*Angular*Data Science/modelling*PythonIn addition to technical skills, they're looking for a dedication to lifelong learning. A desire to try new technologies or apply current ones in new ways.Working thereIt won't take long on your arrival at their offices to see what a scenic environment they're lucky enough to work in. With the River Mole running alongside you'll find all sorts of wildlife joining you on your lunchtime stroll.Although they're worlds apart from the city hustle and bustle, Leatherhead's town centre has a good choice of cafés, restaurants and shops to grab a bite to eat.They have a leisure centre nearby for those who prefer to spend their lunch break on a treadmill and plenty of parking on site which takes the stress out of finding a space each day.Their bright, airy offices and stunning grounds make for a lovely place to work.The teamThey're a friendly team with both male and female developers across all ages and experiences.With a nice selection of pubs just a 10-minute walk away you'll often find the team at the local Wetherspoons for Chicken Wednesdays or enjoying an after-work drink in the sunshine, though there is always a selection of fresh fruit and snacks in the office. When they want to celebrate a success, there'll be a pizza or bacon sandwich brunch.Please send me your CV for an immediate turn around.TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"Leatherhead, Surrey, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£34k - £64k per annum + Package"	"TLP Consultancy"	"Martin Pyke "	"JS-C############"	"30/11/2018 16:44:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqjh"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Data Analyst"	"£35k - £50k per annum"	"Bradford, West Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Data Analyst"	"Bradford, West Yorkshire - £35k - £50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data Analyst/Data Science Senior Data Analyst  Bradford  Up to £50,000  Your new role  My client is looking to recruit an experienced Data Analyst who is incredibly passionate about data. This is a hybrid role of Senior Data Analytics and Data Science, looking at what happened, why it happened and what we should do to fix it.  Preferably from a mathematical and statistical background, you will work on a number of various projects and create and develop a Data Strategy.  This is an exciting opportunity where you can develop your skill set and be a senior member of the data analytics team as there are major plans for growth in 2019/2020 to lead and mentor junior colleagues.  You will need to be a strong communicator and liaise with key business stakeholders  Experience needed  SQL, Python or R  Tableau and Pyramid analytics  Various projects experience  A strong understanding of the power of data  A consultative approach  Maths Degree preferred  Benefits  Competitive salary  Health Cash Back  Flexible working opportunities  Free onsite parking  26 days holiday plus bank holidays  A variety of other cultural and lifestyle benefits, aimed at promoting a positive work/life balance  What to do now  Call Jon Walters on (see below) for more information or click 'Apply'Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Bradford, West Yorkshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£35k - £50k per annum"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment"	"Jonathan Walters "	"JS-3454422"	"03/12/2018 14:48:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQJM"	NA	NA	NA
"Computer Vision Engineer"	"£40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Computer Vision Engineer"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Computer Vision Engineer - Data Science, Machine Learning, MatlabOxfordshire - Oxford£40,000 - £55,000 per annum + benefits Our client are seeking a Computer Vision Engineer to join the team based in Oxford. Due to the successful growth and investment in the business the company is looking to expand its Computer Vision team which plays an integral part in developing machine vision algorithms. As part of the Data Scinece team you will be working with cutting edge computer vision technologies in an established team who pride themselves working at the forefront of technology.The successful Data Scientist is likely have a relevant PHD in Computer Vision, Data Science, Physics or equivalent and have experience working in with data, software or mathematical modelling in the following areas;Key ExperienceComputer visionData ScienceMachine Vision/LearningAlgorithm developmentBig DataMatlabExperience in the following areas would be advantageous;Experience with neural networks or deep learningDevelopment experience with C++ or C#Version control software ie Git, SVN etc.If you are looking to work for an exciting high-tech company working where you will pay a pivotal part in contributing to technically demanding projects then please send your CV for immediate consideration to (see below) or call.Keywords: Data Scientist, Data Science, Data Analysis, Matlab, R, Image Processing, Computer Vision, Octave, Big Data, PHD, Algorithm Development, Machine Learning, Machine vision, AI, Oxford, Oxfordshire."	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Philip Meehan "	"JS-PM.CV.OX2"	"28/11/2018 09:01:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkV5w"	NA	NA	NA
"ML Engineer/Data Scientist"	"£55k - 65k per year + Benefits"	"London, Greater London, England"	"Permanent"	"ML Engineer/Data Scientist"	"London, Greater London, England - £55k - 65k per year + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Machine Learning Engineer (Data engineering/Data Science)ML Engineer/Data Scientist is required for a tech-driven company in a stunning London location. This is a diverse opportunity for a data scientist/machine learning engineer to join a fantastic company, who are global leaders in their industry. You'll be working on an exciting data-centric product and have exposure to the entire lifecycle of the product.What's in it for you as the ML Engineer/Data Scientist:The ML Engineer/Data Scientist will have a competitive salary of up to £65,000Being part of an award winning, tech driven companyGym membershipGenerous holidays, plus your birthdayHealthcare and eyecare benefitsBeing part of a data - driven and dynamic teamWorking with a modern tech stackNew stylish office locationWhat you'll be doing in this ML Engineer/Data Scientist:You will be applying NLP and other machine learning techniques to large amounts of data and performing analysisYou will be required to be consultative, and explain complex ideas to non-technical audiencesYou will be focused on production (not only researching)You'll be implementing prototypes and working in a Big Data environmentEssential skills of the ML Engineer/Data Scientist:2 years of commercial experienceExposure to NLPGood experience with machine learning and Data ScienceGreat programming skills in Python, R, Java or ScalaVery good communicative skillsAbility to work well in a close-knit teamPractical Knowledge of SQL/Nosql databasesRelevant Bachelor's degree in ML, Computer Science, Mathematics, statistics etcBeneficial skills of the ML Engineer/Data ScientistExperience with deep learning, text mining or neural netsExposure to technologies such as tensorflow, decision trees, sparkMasters or PHD in relevant subjectAs you can see this is a well-rounded and diverse opportunity to improve skills in all areas and join an innovative data-driven company. To apply for this position please send a recent CV to: (see below) Keywords for search - Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java, Big Data, NLP, Machine Learning, Python, Data Scientist, Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, ML, tensorflow, decision trees, computer science, statistics, spark, scala, R, neural nets, deep learning, SQL, NoSQL, Java Venturi (TVGL Inc.) is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, colour, sex (including  pregnancy), gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military/veteran status, national origin, ancestry, race, creed, religion, sexual orientation, transgender status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, domestic violence victim status, criminal or arrest record, unemployment status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.  "	"London, Greater London, England, UK"	"IT"	"05/01/2019"	"£55k - 65k per year + Benefits"	"Venturi Limited"	"Georgia Bright"	"JS48749"	"03/12/2018 18:27:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSqq"	NA	NA	NA
"Computer Vision Engineer - 3D Sensing, Machine Learning, PhD"	"£40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Computer Vision Engineer - 3D Sensing, Machine Learning, PhD"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Computer Vision Engineer - 3D Sensing, Machine Learning, Data ScienceOxfordshire - Oxford£40,000 - £55,000 per annum + benefits Our client are seeking a Computer Vision Engineer to join the team based in Oxford. Due to the successful growth and investment in the business the company is looking to expand its Computer Vision team which plays an integral part in developing machine vision algorithms. As part of the Data Scinece team you will be working with cutting edge computer vision technologies in an established team who pride themselves working at the forefront of technology, 3D sensing experience is an esstential criteria to the role.The successful Computer Vision engineer will have a relevant PHD in Computer Vision or Data Science including 3D sensing/image processing. You will have experience in the following areas;Key ExperienceComputer vision3D Sensing Data ScienceMachine Vision/LearningAlgorithm developmentMatlabExperience in the following areas would be advantageous;Experience with neural networks or deep learningDevelopment experience with C++ or C#Version control software ie Git, SVN etc.If you are looking to work for an exciting high-tech company working where you will pay a pivotal part in contributing to technically demanding projects then please send your CV for immediate consideration to (see below) or call.Keywords: Data Scientist, Data Science, Data Analysis, Matlab, R, Image Processing, Computer Vision, 3D Sensing, 2D, Big Data, PhD, Algorithm Development, Machine Learning, Machine vision, AI, Oxford, Oxfordshire."	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Philip Meehan "	"JS-PM.CV2.OX2"	"28/11/2018 09:01:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkV5t"	NA	NA	NA
"AI Big Data Engineer: Augmented/Virtual Reality"	""	"Docklands, London"	"Contract"	"AI Big Data Engineer: Augmented/Virtual Reality"	"Docklands, London"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"AI Big Data Engineer: Augmented/Virtual Reality: Global Data Science/Energy Co.Start Date: ASAPDuration: 9 Months InitiallyRate: ExcellentWorld Leading Global Energy Company has an exciting opportunity for an AI Engineer to support the Data engineer team lead in building a platform to train and fine tune deep learning algorithms developed by the data scientist team. The role is focused on building AR/VR applications to use in computer vision projects, within the Advanced Analytics Centre of Excellence.The environment is similar to a start-up, with rapid and agile development of POCs, scaled-up when appropriate. About the Role:- Build and Develop platforms based on Deep learning- Leverage Big Data skills such as Spark in building a data platform- Assure the quality of the delivery of advanced analytics PoCs - Develop products that can be easily scaled, replicated and reused- Understand current state-of-the-art, developments and practical applications of latest technology in the industry, technology vendors, academia and open source libraries to ensure that POCs are both leveraging the best algorithms and technology solutions and are grounded in what is realistically achievable.- Partner and instill learnings and best practice across the Digital organisationAbout You:- Hands on developer with a strong Java/Scala background- .NET/C# experience is highly preferred- An appreciation of Computer/Machine Vision - Able to write clean, elegant and maintainable production-level code- Support Requirement Definition enhancements- Deep experience in developing Big Data solution, using standard open source frameworks, toolkits and libraries - Developing solution using Spark and Databricks- Developing solution deployed on edge devices/Servers - Developing AR application using unity3d for Hololens- Solid experience in developing cloud solutions using AWS - Able to learn new skills and nurture new capabilities in your project teams to take advantage of emerging Big Data technologies- Lead proof-of-concept activities to demonstrate new technologies and approaches- Work with the ecosystem of partners and academics to derive the most value for the organisation and specific learning for your team- You will proactively set-up meetings, one-on-one sessions and events that help create change and improvement- You will transfer your knowledge and enthuse team members to try new approaches and techniquesMust have Skills- Hadoop based big data frameworks- Spark- One of Programming Languages - Scala, Python- RDBMS with SQL Server preferred- No SQL and in-memory databasesDesirable Skills:- Machine Vision experience - Visualization tools (Spotfire, PowerBI)- OpenCV- Understanding of CNN in deep learning - Source control using GIT/VSTS- Cloud tech (AWS/Azure)- Rest API using Python/Scala - Alteryx- MatlabWe believe in equality of opportunity for all job applicants regardless of gender, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic origin, creed or religion, disability, sexual orientation or age.Specialising within Energy Trading, Oil & Gas, Financial Markets and TV & Entertainment, Eaglecliff Recruitment is ISO accredited, a Member of REC and listed within the top 4% for Financial stability by Dun & Bradstreet. Please telephone for an immediate response or email your CV for a reply within one hour. Eaglecliff Ltd is acting in the capacity of an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for contractor resourcing."	"Docklands, London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Eaglecliff Recruitment"	"Chris Luche "	"JS-C2/17774"	"03/12/2018 08:00:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlKqi"	"9 months"	NA	NA
"Database Engineer - MongoDB/MySQL/Postgres"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Excellent Benefits/Bonus Potential"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Database Engineer - MongoDB/MySQL/Postgres"	"London - £60k - £70k per annum + Excellent Benefits/Bonus Potential"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Database Engineer - MongoDB/MySQL/PostgresOur client is cutting edge Data Science and Analytics company and are looking to grow in London with a Database Engineer.This is an experienced hire for an engineer to come in and take real ownership of their database solution - The perfect opportunity for a database professional to join a cutting-edge technology company with a real devops mentality and grow their skill set around NoSQL, Cloud and DevOps technologies.They use a variety of technologies (MongoDB, PostgreSQL and MySQL etc) and are looking for experience of performance tuning, automation and supporting large, complex database systems.Requirements:Excellent experience engineering and supporting complex, mission critical database systemsExperience with any of the following - MongoDB/MySQL/PostgreSQL/Hadoop/MariaDB/Oracle etcStrong understanding of database performance tuning and automationKnowledge of devops methods would be idealExcellent communication skillsKnowledge of Scripting (Python, Perl, Bash etc)"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Excellent Benefits/Bonus Potential"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Alex Carey "	"JS-AC051"	"27/11/2018 16:23:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQrv"	NA	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."
"Junior DevOps Engineer"	"£25k-£30k per annum + Benefits"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Junior DevOps Engineer"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - £25k-£30k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Junior DevOps EngineerEdinburgh - Up to £30,000 + bonus! *DATA SCIENCE START-UP* A fast-growing and exciting start-up with offices based in the heart of Edinburgh are seeking a Junior DevOps Engineer to join their organisation and grow to be a key figure within their DevOps team. They will welcome DevOps Engineers from both a Development or Operations background. Job RoleFirst & foremost you will provided on the job training and support you while growing into a well-rounded DevOps EngineerSet up and maintain test, UAT and production environments following modern best practicesExtend and improve the CI/CD capabilities for our fleet of services (we can ship all services from commit to production in under an hour)Work with developers to create robust, efficient and maintainable servicesAutomate everything!Work in a multidisciplinary team environment using agile practicesProvide an infrastructure that affords the greatest insight into the service health and provides the appropriate alerting when necessaryProvide support for investigating issues across distributed systemsMonitor production quality, ensuring a seamless experience for our usersPromote the company's delivery culture to the outside world and help us recruit the best talentEssential criteria include;Demonstrable experience with coding & technologies (show us your hobby projects on GitHub!)Love solving complex problems with multiple moving partsExcellent communicator and don't attach your ego to your ideasAwareness of the Linux platform (including user & roles policies for running services)Experience of any of the following would be beneficial;You're familiar with Continuous Delivery and you're not afraid to use it!Proven experience of working in teams in the successful delivery of complex, highly performing and high quality productsRecognise and promote the virtues of immutable ServersExperience with AWSExperience of infrastructure-as-code, eg Terraform & AnsibleKnowledge of container technologies (We use Kubernetes with Docker)Experience of building & release management toolingExperience with system monitoring and alertingAbility to investigate and report on issues affecting running services Within a fast-paced, technology-focused environment this role is sure to be a quick turnaround - so don't miss out! The client are offering a competitive salary of up to £30k and offer great benefits.If you are looking to be part of a friendly, energetic company in the centre of Edinburgh then please click the 'apply now' function or alternatively please contact Paolo.Certes Computing (and all of its subsidiary companies) is committed to promoting equality and diversity in its business operations."	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£25k-£30k per annum + Benefits"	"Certes Computing Ltd"	"Paolo Melacrinis "	"JS-PM1409"	"28/11/2018 10:01:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWcX"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer"	"£60-85k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer"	"London - £60-85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Our client is shaking up the education sector using Data science, and new ways to teach. They recently won a Global AI award, and the Mayor of London's high growth award. They are growing fast a looking for talented, ambitious people to help them improve education in schools! The role involves looking after the AWS infrastructure, Kubernetes clusters and databases. The role will expand into leading a DevOps team. Basics Solid understanding and experience with AWS specifically ALB/ELB, EC2, Route53 and S3. Well-rounded knowledge of Linux systems including debugging issues, logging, monitoring and backup Configuration management systems (eg SaltStack, Ansible, Chef or Puppet) Bonus Skills Experience working with one or more of MongoDB, Cassandra or PostgreSQL Experience with Kubernetes, including installation, monitoring and logging Experience with Prometheus monitoring Experience with Apache Spark Experience with office services and deployment tools (eg Addigy) As an extra role, the engineer manages IT processes and inventory including purchasing devices and negotiating contracts for services although you have an external company to work with on this. Great environment, fast growing and a fun, and challenging career move for the right candidate."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60-85k"	"Tribal Solutions"	"Hugh Mark"	"JSDOPCENDEC1"	"30/11/2018 21:35:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkrBj"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Senior DevOps Engineer"	"£60-85k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior DevOps Engineer"	"London - £60-85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Our client is shaking up the education sector using Data science, and new ways to teach. They recently won a Global AI award, and the Mayor of London's high growth award. They are growing fast a looking for talented, ambitious people to help them improve education in schools! The role involves looking after the AWS infrastructure, Kubernetes clusters and databases. The role will expand into leading a DevOps team. Basics Solid understanding and experience with AWS specifically ALB/ELB, EC2, Route53 and S3. Well-rounded knowledge of Linux systems including debugging issues, logging, monitoring and backup Configuration management systems (eg SaltStack, Ansible, Chef or Puppet) Bonus Skills Experience working with one or more of MongoDB, Cassandra or PostgreSQL Experience with Kubernetes, including installation, monitoring and logging Experience with Prometheus monitoring Experience with Apache Spark Experience with office services and deployment tools (eg Addigy) As an extra role, the engineer manages IT processes and inventory including purchasing devices and negotiating contracts for services although you have an external company to work with on this. Great environment, fast growing and a fun, and challenging career move for the right candidate."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£60-85k"	"Tribal Solutions"	"Hugh Mark"	"JSDOPCENDEC1"	"28/11/2018 18:21:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkbdN"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Oracle Application DBA - Exadata"	"£50k - £60k per annum + Excellent benefits package/Bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Oracle Application DBA - Exadata"	"London - £50k - £60k per annum + Excellent benefits package/Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Oracle Application DBA - ExadataOracle Application DBA required for my London based Data Science specialist. Assisting with Configuration Management, Infrastructure Architecture and System Life Cycle Management, my client is seeking a talented DBA with a strong Exadata background and a focus on how applications interact with Exadata rather than how data sits within it.Excellent career road map and chance to learn the latest tech, including X7 boxes and Exadata 12C R2.Further information on request."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £60k per annum + Excellent benefits package/Bonus"	"Sentinel IT LLP"	"Dominic Wheeler "	"JS-DW13/04/18OEXADBA"	"30/11/2018 14:04:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqGI"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Scala Engineer - ethical AI start up"	"£70k-100k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Scala Engineer - ethical AI start up"	"London - £70k-100k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Our client is shaking up the education sector using Data science, and new ways to teach. They recently won a Global AI award, and the Mayor of London's high growth award. They are growing fast a looking for talented, ambitious developers. We are seeking a Senior Scala Engineer with a passion for functional programming and clean, well-tested code. You would be working as part of a data engineering team, implementing models provided by the data scientists into Spark jobs as well as creating the Scala services required by a data-driven application. We are looking for somebody interested in following the latest in functional coding and the Scala community, and able to help guide our other engineers towards better code and good architecture. As the company grows, the plan is that the role expands into leading a Data Engineering team. Basic Qualifications - 3+ years experience with Scala or 6+ years experience with Java - experience with functional programming - experience with REST/JSON APIs and Back End services - experience with Linux Servers/deployments Bonus Skills - BS/MS in Computer Science or similar - Akka, Akka Http and Akka Streams - Functional programming with Cats or Scalaz - Data Engineering and Data Science - Apache Spark - Microservices/Docker/Kubernetes - Cassandra and MongoDB - AWS and cloud architecture especially AWS Kinesis/Firehose and Lambda - Code testing and documentation - Test automation and continuous integration, especially Jenkins"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£70k-100k"	"Tribal Solutions"	"Hugh Mark"	"JSSCALAOCT18"	"27/11/2018 07:05:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gi6cF"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Lead Data Scientist - Senior Data Engineer"	"£550 - £600 per day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Lead Data Scientist - Senior Data Engineer"	"London - £550 - £600 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data ScientistLondon based wUp to £70k + benefitsKey Skills: Data Expert, Data Science, Data Mining (classical regression, logistic regression, CHAID, CART, neural nets, association rules, sequence analysis, cluster analysis, and text mining), Big Data, Consultancy, SQL, Rational Database, Hadoop, Hive, Advanced Analytics.We are working with a Gambling Client who are resourcing for a number of experienced Data consultants with a passion for Data Science and everything Big Data.Your role will be to help the client design a data engine to be built using Machine learning technology and algorithyms you will architect/design and build an ML bot for 10 plus significant use cases for this company. In addition you will develop enterprise analytic solutions which are focused on specific industry solutions and continue to explore emerging technologies to evaluate new analytic possibilities.Your responsibilities will include the following:Defining the technical requirements of analytic solutions.Defining the data requirements of analytic solutionsConduct sophisticated data mining analyses and build data mining models, as required, as part of the initial solution development.Translating data mining results into clear business focused deliverables for decision makers.Technical consulting on Data MiningProduce internally published material such as knowledge briefs, service delivery kit components and modules, etc.This role will suit someone who considers themselves an expert in all things Data and has the desire to be at the forefront of new technology and new innovation in Data Analytics.In Return the client will pay you a starting day rate of £600 for 6 months. This role is being handled by Mark Chappell CertRP AIRP"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"asap"	"£550 - £600 per day"	"Careerwise"	"Mark Chappell "	"JS-0000004241"	"03/12/2018 21:59:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlTtE"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £65k per annum"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £65k per annum"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Title: Data ScientistLocation: Central LondonSalary: £60,000 - 65,000Employment Type: FTCAbout The Data Science CompanyThe organisation is an established financial brand who operate deep within the investment markets and who are now on a journey to build out their Data Science team. This new Data Scientist hire will not only add commercial value to this market leader, but they will also help steer private equity clients investment decisions through the information they generate for the investment team. They are conveniently located in the heart of London and well placed for an all zone travel commute. Offering a modern business culture, they offer spacious open plan designed offices with a collaborative working approach with their 35 strong investment team. This company is investing Data Science staff and whilst a new team, the Data Scientists at this company will be well supported with additional resources, as they build the next generation of Machine Learning and Data Science models.About The Data Scientist RoleImmersing yourself in Data Science, you will be tasked with assisting this financial Powerhouse to build new quantitative models that determine important perceptions collected from both structured and unstructured data, mixed in with your own important research. At the heart of this Data Science role will be the building of strong analytical predictive programmes, capturing new analytics to develop new investment decisions and direction in addition to:Working collaboratively with relevant teams (including your colleague in the new Data Science team) to achieve the highest resultsUtilise your statistical techniques to their full potential.Be happy immersing yourself in big data where you will need to look for automation to speed up your processing of large data sets that have primary factors that you must unlock to build forecasting modelsUtilise and create Python tools whilst creating documents in LaTeX.Key Responsibilities for the Data Scientist:Collect a wide breath of big data, undertaking market based analysisUse your statistical knowledge to explore this data, clean it and transform it into structured usable dataBuild a model based on previous team examples interfaced with your own toolbox of skillsWork with other team members to test the data demonstrating a clear focus to improve the quality of the findingsCommunicate the findings that will dictate future company productAbout The Successful Data ScientistThe ideal candidate should have:Practical work experience or actual employment in an office setup, however this only needs to be a minimum of three monthsStatistical experience or be a competent general statisticianPost Doc experience or perhaps mentored experience in statistics or any mentored research in the Financial SectorExperience or exposure to the financial sector or investment sector in particular Bank or Clearing house general industry experience would be looked on favourablyShould be PhD qualified and have had their relevant research publishedGeneral strong Computer Science experience is neededA mindset where they can work to deadlines and be able to apply their learnt experience quickly and effectively in a work environmentThe ability and drive to work from a blank canvas, where you will be dealing in very large Big Data, and creating models to deal with itStrong Python programming skills are a must as you will be building models to support the investment team in their key future financial decisionsGood communication and presentation skills as you will form part of the investment team, engaging with them regularlyThe passion to learn from an accomplished Data Scientist in a team of two.The tenacity to hit the ground running picking up all hands-on and ad-hoc work tasks, applying and focusing on the application of mathematical and statistical methods to financial investment problemsEssential Skills and Competencies of the Data Scientist:Strong experience of using the Python programming languageA well rounded knowledge of SQLMSc or PhD Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Computer Science, Statistics or similar quantitative based degreeMinimum of 3 months practical work experience or proven interim experience.Strong and confident communication/presentation skillsThis role would ideally suit a recent PhD graduate looking for their first stepping stone into the Data Science industry.For more information about this Data Scientist role or to apply send your CV now to Steve. Please email (see below) Reuben Sinclair are a multi award winning recruitment company including: UK's Best Recruitment Consultant, UK's Best Specialist Recruitment Agency, UK's Best Agency Side Recruiter, One of only 30 UK Hyper Growth companies, UK's Most Innovative Recruitment Company, UK's Most Innovative Recruiter, UK's Best Agency Side Recruiter, UK's Best Agency Side RecruiterWe specialise in delivering recruitment solutions for complete brand engagement: Data, Digital, Sales, Marketing and PR working with some of the most innovative, entrepreneurial and award winning companies across industry.Keywords: Data Scientist, Senior Data Scientist, Lead Data Scientist, Head of Data Science, Data Analyst, Statistics, Programming, Machine Learning, Text Mining, Data Visualization, Big Data, Data Ingestion, Data Munging, Toolbox, Natural Language, Processing "	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance"	"ASAP"	"£60k - £65k per annum"	"Reuben Sinclair"	"Steve Woodward "	"JS-SW - 007 - 1205"	"28/11/2018 17:28:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gka2i"	"FTC"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£230 - £280 per Day"	"Central London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"Central London - £230 - £280 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Title: Data ScientistLocation: Central LondonSalary: £230 - £280Employment: Day rateAbout The Data Science Company:The organisation is an established financial brand who operate deep within the investment markets and who are now on a journey to build out their Data Science team. This new Data Scientist hire will not only add commercial value to this market leader, but they will also help steer private equity clients investment decisions through the information they generate for the investment team. They are conveniently located in the heart of London and well placed for an all zone travel commute. Offering a modern business culture, they offer spacious open plan designed offices with a collaborative working approach with their 35 strong investment team. This company is investing Data Science staff and whilst a new team, the Data Scientists at this company will be well supported with additional resources, as they build the next generation of Machine Learning and Data Science models.About The Data Scientist Role:Immersing yourself in Data Science, you will be tasked with assisting this financial Powerhouse to build new quantitative models that determine important perceptions collected from both structured and unstructured data, mixed in with your own important research. At the heart of this Data Science role will be the building of strong analytical predictive programmes, capturing new analytics to develop new investment decisions and direction in addition to:Working collaboratively with relevant teams (including your colleague in the new Data Science team) to achieve the highest resultsUtilise your statistical techniques to their full potentialBe happy immersing yourself in big data where you will need to look for automation to speed up your processing of large data sets that have primary factors that you must unlock to build forecasting modelsUtilise and create Python tools whilst creating documents in LaTeX.Key Responsibilities for the Data Scientist:Collect a wide breath of big data, undertaking market based analysisUse your statistical knowledge to explore this data, clean it and transform it into structured usable dataBuild a model based on previous team examples interfaced with your own toolbox of skillsWork with other team members to test the data demonstrating a clear focus to improve the quality of the findingsCommunicate the findings that will dictate future company productAbout The Successful Data Scientist:The ideal candidate should have:Practical work experience or actual employment in an office setup, however this only needs to be a minimum of three monthsStatistical experience or be a competent general statisticianPost Doc experience or perhaps mentored experience in statistics or any mentored research in the Financial SectorExperience or exposure to the financial sector or investment sector in particular Bank or Clearing house general industry experience would be looked on favourablyShould be PhD qualified and have had their relevant research publishedGeneral strong Computer Science experience is neededA mindset where they can work to deadlines and be able to apply their learnt experience quickly and effectively in a work environmentThe ability and drive to work from a blank canvas, where you will be dealing in very large Big Data, and creating models to deal with itStrong Python programming skills are a must as you will be building models to support the investment team in their key future financial decisionsGood communication and presentation skills as you will form part of the investment team, engaging with them regularlyThe passion to learn from an accomplished Data Scientist in a team of two.The tenacity to hit the ground running picking up all hands-on and ad-hoc work tasks, applying and focusing on the application of mathematical and statistical methods to financial investment problemsEssential Skills and Competencies of the Data Scientist:Strong experience of using the Python programming languageA well rounded knowledge of SQLMSc or PhD Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Computer Science, Statistics or similar quantitative based degreeMinimum of 3 months practical work experience or proven interim experience.Strong and confident communication/presentation skillsThis role would ideally suit a recent PhD graduate looking for their first stepping stone into the Data Science industry.For more information about this Data Scientist role or to apply send your CV now to Steve. Please email (see below) Reuben Sinclair are a multi award winning recruitment company including: UK's Best Recruitment Consultant, UK's Best Specialist Recruitment Agency, UK's Best Agency Side Recruiter, One of only 30 UK Hyper Growth companies, UK's Most Innovative Recruitment Company, UK's Most Innovative Recruiter, UK's Best Agency Side Recruiter, UK's Best Agency Side RecruiterWe specialise in delivering recruitment solutions for complete brand engagement: Data, Digital, Sales, Marketing and PR working with some of the most innovative, entrepreneurial and award winning companies across industry.Keywords: Data Scientist, Senior Data Scientist, Lead Data Scientist, Head of Data Science, Data Analyst, Statistics, Programming, Machine Learning, Text Mining, Data Visualization, Big Data, Data Ingestion, Data Munging, Toolbox, Natural Language, Processing "	"Central London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£230 - £280 per Day"	"Reuben Sinclair"	"Steve Woodward "	"JS-SW - 007 - 1204"	"28/11/2018 17:22:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkawr"	"Temp-to-perm"	NA	NA
"Senior .NET Developer/Technical Lead"	"£75k - £90k per annum + package"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Senior .NET Developer/Technical Lead"	"City of London - £75k - £90k per annum + package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior .NET Developer/Hands on Technical Lead (C#)£75,000 - £90,000 + Package (Gain Devops, Big Data and Data Science)City, London - Next to City ThameslinkC# PostgreSQL NoSQL ES6 Python DevOps, Gain exposure to Data Science and Big Data.This company has recently been voted one of the best places to work in the UK! They want someone willing to lead from the front and help increase the UK presence of this team.A recent hire into Software Development team had this to say:\"I recently joined.* because they're working with an impressively large and growing scale/diversity of data, but they are still coming to grips with what that means for the future and how to keep pace with project requirements. It's an exciting place to be because there's a lot of challenges to solve that the team is still figuring out. Being part of a project like this at such a critical phase means having key contributions to make in the future of an exciting and challenging project that may one day help drive intelligence about infrastructure all over the world. I've been here for almost 4 months, so far it's going great. Lately I've been involved in a project for incorporating some strategically important data feeds into the project's system, which have the potential of powering some impactful predictive models. It's definitely an exciting time to join our team.\"They manage billions of data points in C#, ES6, PostgreSQL, Python and other technologies. You will work mostly in the API and data tiers, primarily in C#. This is a Devops team, so you will be expected to think about the deployment and supportability of your work. It's a small, agile and innovative team who make their own decisions and identify priorities collaboratively. The team is predominantly based in NZ, so they are looking for someone that is at a senior level to lead from the front and help increase the UK presence. The successful candidate will be given the freedom to select technologies of preference, this is not a strict Microsoft team. You will work with the team on building a geospatial mapping system in C#, Javascript [ES2016], PostgreSQL. You'll work mostly in the API and Data tiers and there is potential for Front End work if desired.This role offers many positive points:* modern technologies & architecture* large scale data flows and storage (1B+ data points/day)* automated testing and* interesting engineering problemsThe ideal candidate will have a degree in computer science or software engineering and related experience in a similar role. It's also beneficial if you have prior work experience in web-based software development.You will need to be experienced in C# & modern software development as well as have an understanding of scaling software systems. You'll commit to high quality code and be able to pay attention to detail. It is beneficial if you have any of the following technical knowledge/experience:*PostgreSQL or other SQL databases*NoSQL databases*ES6*Python*Cloud/AWS*API design*Message Queues*CI/CDPlease send me your CV for an immediate turnaround.TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£75k - £90k per annum + package"	"TLP Consultancy"	"Martin Pyke "	"JS-C#CITYC#"	"30/11/2018 16:45:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqj2"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Datamodelling/Supply Chain/Cloud"	"Market rates"	"Surrey"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Datamodelling/Supply Chain/Cloud"	"Surrey - Market rates"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist - Datamodelling/Supply Chain/CloudMy London based client is looking for an accomplished Data Scientist to join their Data Science Centre of Excellence team. You will be responsible for building data science and analytics as a core capability to help the business become data intelligent and drive the business and organization performance. The Data Scientist will deliver advanced products at scale and work closely with the market teams to ensure that decisions are augmented with insight. This is an exciting new role in the Data Science Centre of Excellence team, which is tasked to deliver Intelligent systems at scale. *Powering Business (cross functional) and Customer Development area through data and analytics. Building out the right applications to enable business teams to move faster, with more accuracy*Work with leading geographies to create analytics products that make a significant impact on the business *Drive assisted and predictive decision-making. The future is about assisted decision-making with machines (AI/Cognitive Computing/Machine Learning) unlocking the insights from the vast deluge of consumer, customer & internal data, and presenting this in a way that is simple to understand. *Gather data and build machine learning models to solve advanced forecasting problems requiring predictive and/or prescriptive analytics Essential:*Machine learning forecasting/Statistical modelling *Supply chain Optimisation *Optimisation tools*Manipulating multi-source data *Python/R coding *Cloud architecture (preferably MS Azure) *Simulation packages eg Anylogic *Distributed computing (Hadoop, Spark) Working Knowledge *Project Management/Experience managing projects from start to finish*Prior work experience in a data science role with significant focus on Supply Chain applications *Experience working with software development teams to convert modelling approaches into scalable tools *A Passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data *Ability to apply an agile analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision*Ability to communicate complex quantitative insights in a precise, and actionable manner to business leadersClick Apply now/Contact Lianne to be considered for the Data Scientist role "	"Surrey, UK"	"IT"	"10.12.18"	"Market rates"	"Gibbs Hybrid"	"Lianne Rouissi "	"JS-LRRDS"	"29/11/2018 11:59:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkiBU"	"6 months"	NA	"About Gibbs Hybridwww.gibbshybrid.comGibbs Hybrid Gibbs Hybrid is an International people-powered business, providing Programme Technology Solutions, Total Talent Management Services and Outsourcing as a Service. We offer our innovative blended models to help improve our clients’ People, Technology, Process and Delivery Challenges.Headquartered in the UK, Gibbs Hybrid has offices across Ireland, Poland, Luxembourg, US and Canada.  We are a tier one partner, privately held and a globally certified Woman-owned Business Enterprise (WBE) & Ethnic Minority Owned Business (EMB). Our passion is to be the most respected and trusted partner and our philosophy is centred round Innovation, Customer Centricity, Expert Execution.Passionate about people and passionate about making a difference. "
"Senior Data Scientist - Python/R/SQL/NLP"	"£70k - £90k per annum + Excellent Benefits/Bonus Potential"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Data Scientist - Python/R/SQL/NLP"	"London - £70k - £90k per annum + Excellent Benefits/Bonus Potential"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Python/R/SQL/NLPOne of the world's most prestigious hedge funds are building a new, greenfield Data Science team with a focus on NLP, AI and predictive analytics.They're investing heavily in data science and machine learning - this team are working as a start-up and have a huge amount of freedom and flexibility.You'll have true autonomy, working across all areas of the business and help to refine risk forecasts, leverage huge amounts of data for analysis and lead the development of innovative NLP and Machine Learning solutions - this is an exceptional challenge!As a senior data scientist, you'll have end to end ownership of projects - you'll have a great deal of buy-in with senior stakeholders and the chance to make a real impact.Requirements:Strong experience building end to end data science and analytical solutionsExcellent educational background in a quantitative subjectExperience of NLP and text mining would be idealGood experience with Python and/or RAny experience working in the financial services would be ideal but not essentialThis is the perfect chance for a strong data scientist to join a leading trading company and take change of all their analytics. They offer an excellent benefits package and modern working environment in the City of London."	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance"	"ASAP"	"£70k - £90k per annum + Excellent Benefits/Bonus Potential"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Alex Carey "	"JS-AC053"	"03/12/2018 15:42:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQsh"	NA	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."
"Senior DevOps Container Expert - Docker Kubernetes AWS Azure"	"£55k-£95k + Bens++"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Senior DevOps Container Expert - Docker Kubernetes AWS Azure"	"City of London - £55k-£95k + Bens++"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior DevOps Container Expert - Docker Kubernetes AWS Azure Container, Serverless, CaaS, CNCF, Azure, Docker, IoT, PaaS, RedHat, Kubernetes, OpenShift, AWS, Azure AKS, ARM, Data Science.We are recruiting for an experienced Docker Kubernetes Consultant/Senior/Lead Consultant to join this professional services client delivering the design, redesign and/or replatforming of high performance compute environments.Experienced around leading/managing projects you must have the following technical knowledge:* Container/Serverless landscapes (CNCF)* Docker* Kubernetes* Cloud (AWS or Azure) Any experience of the following useful: * PaaS, CaaS* Unix/Linux experience (RedHat, Ubuntu etc.)* Stakeholder management* Client facing* Data Science understanding (Machine learning, AI etc.)The ideal candidate will have some consultancy type experience comfortable presenting to senior IT stakeholders; customer focussed but with commercial awareness too.Interested? Then please contact Roger at Jump IT in the first instance."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"Immediately"	"£55k-£95k + Bens++"	"Jump IT Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Roger Wood "	"JSDEVOPSCONTAINERRW"	"28/11/2018 17:28:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gka2k"	NA	NA	NA
"Lead Data Scientist - Greenfield project - Southampton - £80k"	"£50k - £80k per annum + Benefits"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Lead Data Scientist - Greenfield project - Southampton - £80k"	"Southampton, Hampshire - £50k - £80k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Lead Data Scientist - Engineering/Machine Learning Hampshire: SouthamptonA Lead Data Scientist is required to lead this innovative company's Greenfield data science activity, reporting to senior management you will use new and existing data, analytics and Machine Learning to optimise their products performance.The company invest heavily in relevant technology and offer the opportunity to be involved in greenfield project work with great scope for progression and upskilling. Core responsibilities:Take responsibility for implementing the relevant Data Science methods from concept through to commercial deployment.Liaise with customers to obtain appropriate data and process the data where necessaryWork closely with the software engineering teams to architect, implement and deliver production solutionsDevelop the statistical models and algorithms needed for the relevant applicationsPerform in-depth testing of the applications (SaaS)Present and demonstrate the solutions to customers and third partiesEssential skills:Will have previous experience in a Data Science role with the ability to lead the Data Science activity internally.A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Maths or Scientific disciplineExperience of deploying machine learning applications in the cloud (AWS, Azure)Experience of using statistical or data analytics techniques to solve similar problemsSelf-starter, problem solver with the ability to work on complex problemsExcellent communicator, able to communicate effectively with colleagues and external customersA backgrounding engineering or energy is highly desirableThe company offer a salary of £50,000 - £80,000 based on experience + benefits. If you feel you have the right level of experience, please apply to this advert or contact me via or our Website. Spectrum IT, Paul Grace"	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£50k - £80k per annum + Benefits"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Paul Grace "	"JS-PD-SDS-1"	"30/11/2018 17:18:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqr6"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £650 - £800 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Contract Requirement - Banking - Spark -AI - ML- R Data Scientist You'll be supporting the bank's evolution of its Data Science capability, selecting and developing new techniques for solving complex data related problemsThe team's remit is to explore new ways to use the banks data, and you'll have the opportunity to work through proofs of concept in an agile environmentDeliverablesDriving, educating and selling the developments in data science, across the data analyst and data science communityBeing a key member of the team of data scientists exploring and demonstrating how new techniques can be applied to data to drive value across our businessFormulating the data science business strategy in conjunction with the broader data science communitySupporting the broader data scientist and data analyst community to identify and deliver opportunities to support the bank's strategic direction through better use of our dataWorking within multiple concurrent virtual teams of data science specialists to implement the strategyEmbedding new data techniques in to the business through role modelling, training and design oversightSupporting the processes of pilots and proof of concept delivery to provide opportunities and develop business cases to drive those opportunitiesExperience RequiredDeep experience of data science techniques, including the pragmatic implementation of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and multi-variant analysis techniquesExperience of the tools used to deploy advanced techniques, including some of R, Impala, SAS, Python, Spark in a structured and unstructured data environmentAn ability to work with and influence a range of stakeholdersAn ability to support a portfolio of technically complex opportunities simultaneouslyLocation: LondonDuration: 6 monthsRate: £650 - £800 per DayHow to Apply: If you want to work with passionate individuals and be part of a business critical team then this is the opportunity for you. Alternatively if you have a friend or colleague that may be suitable please pass on my details. Successful referrals will be rewarded.  To discuss this in more detail please send your CV:Ryan Baker | (see below)Empiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-013756"	"30/11/2018 17:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqvo"	"6 months"	"Executive"	NA
"Data Manager"	"£45k - £50k per annum"	"East London"	"Permanent"	"Data Manager"	"East London - £45k - £50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"My client are on a journey to build a centralised data team, across BI, Research Analytics and Data Science. They are hiring for an individual to take on the role of Data Manager, within a strategic capacity to identify projects and prioritise workload.Client DetailsMy client are based in East London and are taking exciting steps to continue to be an intelligent organisation. They have a team of BI Analysts, Data Warehouse Developers, Data Scientists and Research Analysts who work together to build and analyse robust data solutions, making this an attractive and growing data-centric organisation.DescriptionAs a Data Manager you will engage with business stakeholders to understand their requirements, identifying and setting project pipeline whilst driving continuous improvement across data-related development and analysis.You will work with Directors across the organisation to identify priorities for data improvements, taking a focal role for new innovations. You will lead the team of Report Developers, Analysts and Data Scientists who will work to develop BI and Analytic solutions.It will be your responsibility to manage the delivery and roll-out of self-service reporting solutions and similar products, whilst effectively managing stakeholder expectations and assuring business needs are met.ProfileEssential skills & experience:Project Management and delivery of data/BI work streamsLeadership and management of a team of BI Analysts or similar individualsExcellent stakeholder engagement skillsA background in gathering requirementsKnowledge of a variety of BI solutions Desirable skills & experience:Power BIIn-depth knowledge of Data WarehousingPredictive AnalyticsData Governance practicesJob OfferMy client offers a starting salary of up to £50,000."	"East London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£45k - £50k per annum"	"Michael Page Technology"	"Alan Joesbury "	"JS-13973545/001"	"30/11/2018 15:41:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqNY"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Delivery Manager"	"£45k - £50k per annum"	"East London"	"Permanent"	"Data Delivery Manager"	"East London - £45k - £50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"My client are on a journey to build a centralised data team, across BI, Research Analytics and Data Science. They are hiring for an individual to take on the role of Data Manager, within a strategic capacity to identify projects and prioritise workload.Client DetailsMy client are based in East London and are taking exciting steps to continue to be an intelligent organisation. They have a team of BI Analysts, Data Warehouse Developers, Data Scientists and Research Analysts who work together to build and analyse robust data solutions, making this an attractive and growing data-centric organisation.DescriptionAs a Data Manager you will engage with business stakeholders to understand their requirements, identifying and setting project pipeline whilst driving continuous improvement across data-related development and analysis.You will work with Directors across the organisation to identify priorities for data improvements, taking a focal role for new innovations. You will lead the team of Report Developers, Analysts and Data Scientists who will work to develop BI and Analytic solutions.It will be your responsibility to manage the delivery and roll-out of self-service reporting solutions and similar products, whilst effectively managing stakeholder expectations and assuring business needs are met.ProfileEssential skills & experience:Project Management and delivery of data/BI work streamsLeadership and management of a team of BI Analysts or similar individualsExcellent stakeholder engagement skillsA background in gathering requirementsKnowledge of a variety of BI solutions Desirable skills & experience:Power BIIn-depth knowledge of Data WarehousingPredictive AnalyticsData Governance practicesJob OfferMy client offers a starting salary of up to £50,000."	"East London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£45k - £50k per annum"	"Michael Page Technology"	"Alan Joesbury "	"JS-13973545/001"	"30/11/2018 15:41:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqNa"	NA	NA	NA
"User Researcher, Agile, Digital, Development"	"£500 per Day"	"Feltham, London"	"Contract"	"User Researcher, Agile, Digital, Development"	"Feltham, London - £500 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"User Researcher, Agile, Digital, Development G1/1029. A User Researcher is currently required for our Engineering client, working with a combination of machine learning, advanced mathematics, and data science to create revolutionary entity matching solutions, providing unrivalled accuracy, speed, resilience and scalability for security applications. Working in a fast paced Agile environment the User Researcher will conduct user research activities for a range of government clients projects. The User Researcher will have the chance to work with users, subject matter experts, and product owners to understand the user needs for services. Responsibilities of the User Researcher:  Define, plan, and conduct user research to support the design & development of services Work with user researchers and service managers to develop and advocate appropriate research strategies to understand user needs for a service, and to continually test and improve our services Fostering a culture of team involvement Facilitate evidence-based product and design decisions Managing the usability and accessibility testing process Deliver compelling insights to the product and design teams Skills and experience of the User Researcher:  User Research on a range of projects Qualitative research methods, including contextual and discovery research Designing, executing and analysing quantitative surveys Analyse research data Usability and accessibility testing Working as part of an Agile development team Fostering a culture of team involvement Knowledge of the Government's Digital Service Standards User Research of services through the full product life cycle Strong stakeholder management User Researcher, Agile, Digital, Development G1/1029  Referral Scheme: If this role isn't for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with £500! Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford's leading IT recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region's most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position.  Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. We value diversity and always appoint on merit."	"Feltham, London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£500 per Day"	"Haybrook IT Resourcing"	"Ghousia Hameed "	"JS/G1/1029"	"30/11/2018 09:46:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gji5u"	"6 months"	NA	"About Haybrook IT ResourcingHaybrook IT Resourcing is the leading IT recruitment specialist for Oxfordshire and the wider south of England region. We’ve spent many years building up our excellent reputation and we’re proud to have successfully helped thousands of IT professionals into new careers. We offer jobseekers access to a huge range of jobs with some of the country’s leading employers, many of whom are exclusive to us. We provide free support and guidance throughout the recruitment process and beyond, to candidates of all experience levels."
"Data Engineer (Hive, Hadoop) - Urgent"	"£500-£600/Day"	"Central London (Nr. London Bridge)"	"Contract"	"Data Engineer (Hive, Hadoop) - Urgent"	"Central London (Nr. London Bridge) - £500-£600/Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Cloud Consulting have an urgent requirement for an experienced Data Engineer to join a transformation programme with a leading financial services group. This will be working in the Data Science team which applies advanced data science methods to key business problems and opportunities. The teams are tasked with identifying opportunities for analytics across the business, to rapidly build machine learning prototypes and to engineer production quality software of data systems and machine learning. To be suitable, you should have the following experience: HIVE/SQL - Optimisation performance - familiarity with partitioning, bucketing, indexing etc. Hadoop - ie kafka, storm, Spark, oozie etc, Datamodelling - Knowledge of Datamodelling within an Enterprise data warehouse/Big Data environment. ie denomalised views, star schemas, third-normal form, OLAP cubes etc Data quality + lineage - ensuring the quality of data is governance and documented in accordance with Group-wide standards. Machine Learning, stats, modelling etc - knowledge of the practical application of these techniques is required, but the ability to build a model is not. If this is of interest, please forward your C.V ASAP with an indication of rate and availability."	"Central London (Nr. London Bridge), UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£500-£600/Day"	"Cloud Consulting"	"Delivery Team "	"JS-DATAENGINEER"	"03/12/2018 11:46:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GiCgp"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Lead Data Scientist"	"benefits"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Lead Data Scientist"	"Guildford, Surrey - benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Lead Data Scientist required by a successful technology company located in Guildford. The successful candidate's responsibilities will be split between hands on data science work and leading the data science team.The successful Lead Data Scientist is like to be educated to Masters or PhD level in a relevant subject and will have demonstrable experience in a similar role as a Senior or Lead Data Scientist.Responsibilities;- Leading the Data Science Team- Supporting the delivery of projects - managing the output of the data science team- Liaising with customers, partners and re-sellers to improve product awareness.- Meeting with customers on site to maintain and improve relationships - mainly in the UK and Europe- Working with software development team and other technical teams to improve product roadmapKey experience- Strong academic background in Statistics, Physics, Computer Science or similar- In depth SQL knowledge- Team leadership- In depth data science knowledge incorporating a range of methods across machine learning, data mining, AI, stats etcKnowledge/experience in any of the following areas would be advantageous, but is not essential;- SAS and/or knowledge of business analytic tools/technologies- Data science/data mining tools eg R, Python, MATLAB etc- Software development life cycleIf you are seeking a role of this nature please contact (see below) ."	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"IT"	NA	"benefits"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Ian Taylor "	"JS-IT - VR/09499"	"28/11/2018 16:26:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkaao"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Market Research and Big Data - 12 month Contract - London"	"£500- £600 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Market Research and Big Data - 12 month Contract - London"	"London - £500- £600 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	" Senior Data Scientist - Market Research and Big Data - 12 month Contract - London  Our global client based in Central London are looking to extend their Global Data Science Team by building a new team in their London HQ in Canary Wharf. This new team will sit within the Technology & Data business unit, who are responsible for the entire life cycle of the data-driven products and the division Global Data Science is an essential part of it. Our Client develops its offerings with an agile mindset, which requires you to actively contribute to all phases of the solution development. It will be your responsibility to translate the product vision into data/analytic/algorithmic requirements, to conduct PoCs and to build prototypes, and at a later stage to work on high-performance implementations. The Role: Design and develop analytical approaches based on product concepts, going all the way from feasibility checks to proof-of-concepts to prototypes to implementation in end-to-end solutions Closely collaborate with machine learning engineers/software engineers on creating data-driven end-to-end solutions for marketers Actively share Data Science knowledge within the team and be a true TEAM PLAYER. Essential Skills: Expert knowledge of Python programming, including pySpark Strong statistical modelling skills/knowledge on predictive analytics would be a plus Expert knowledge of optimization and/or machine learning algorithms and/or deep learning algorithms Solid skills with regard to working in Big Data environments (eg, Cloudera Hadoop, Hortonworks Data Platform, AWS EMR, Map/Reduce, Hive) Desirable Skills: Advanced knowledge of the constantly evolving Data Science ecosystem and its frameworks (eg, Hadoop, Spark MLlib, H2O, Tensorflow, Torch, Theano) Basic skills with regard to performance optimisation and scalability (eg, parallelization, code optimization, containerization, function as a service) Experience in working with relational and non-relational databases, including SQL Required Qualifications: Master degree that reflects strong modelling, statistics and IT skills, PhD welcome but not required 2+ years of professional experience in quantitative data analysis/data science or related areas To apply please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. For a further discussion, please contact James Money. 83zero Consulting Limited is a boutique consultancy specialising in Data Science | Change | Agile Transition within the UK. We provide high quality interim and permanent senior IT professionals."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£500- £600 per Day"	"83Zero Ltd"	"James Money "	"JSJM - DATA SCIENTIST"	"03/12/2018 08:46:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Ghmqx"	"12 months"	NA	NA
"Linux Platform Consultant"	"£40-50k "	"Chippenham, Wiltshire"	"Permanent"	"Linux Platform Consultant"	"Chippenham, Wiltshire - £40-50k "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Linux Platform ConsultantPermanentChippenham£40-50k + great benefitsCompany/responsibilities:Urgent opportunity for a Linux Platform Consultant to join a growing company working on exciting new projects in a consultancy that delivers Development and Data Science to many high-profile clients on a range of exciting projects.The role has a strong focus on installation and configuration, application support, documentation and involvement in client meetings and customer proposals.Skills/experience:*Strong in installation & configuration using Linux*Comfortable with client facing work*Experience in Shell/bash*Knowledge of troubleshooting Linux configuration issues*2 + years' experience*Eligible to work in the UKThey are seeking someone who is keen to take up opportunities to learn and expand out into other areas, being part of a growing, trusted and well-respected data consultancy. The right person for this role has to be comfortable in Linux, and confident speaking to clients.If this is you please do apply or send your CV to (see below) Key skills: Linux, consultant, data, configuration, installation, application, documentation, client facing, customer proposals, Shell, bash, troubleshooting."	"Chippenham, Wiltshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40-50k "	"Stott and May"	"Loren Cardy "	"JS-LINUX CONSULTANT"	"28/11/2018 11:14:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXLH"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£30k - 42k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £30k - 42k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data ScientistInsuranceCity of LondonAn amazing opportunity for a talented Data Scientist to join the leading Specialty Insurance company to work within their technical pricing team. DUTIES:Develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to draw insights and shape the strategic direction of data usageTake part in expanding data processing and technical modelling frameworkEstablish efficient ways of implement segmentation and predictive modelsEnsure that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basisSKILLS & EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:Academic background in computer science, engineering, physics, actuarial science, statistics or Maths based equivalentExceptional statistical skills - experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques (eg linear or logistic regression, gradient boosted machines, random forest, regularisation, neural networks)Advanced data manipulation or experience of managing large-scale data sets within an analytical function (eg dplyr, pandas, SQL, etc.)Advanced experience of data science or analytics software like Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.Working knowledge of relevant development environments (eg PyCharm, RStudio, Visual Studio Code, eclipse) and Shell Scripting (eg Bash, PowerShell), version control (eg git, Subversion, Mercurial) etc.BENEFITS:As well as a competitive salary, this role also offers: Performance profit share bonus (c.12% of salary)25 days holiday plus bank holidaysEmployer pension contribution of 5%, with employee contribution of 3%+Income replacement insurance4 x salary life assurance You will also have access to flexible benefits, which are employee paid, and includes: holiday buy, gym membership, car salary sacrifice, critical illness insurance, health screening - allowing you the freedom to choose those that are most appropriate for you. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£30k - 42k per annum"	"HFG"	"Simona Zalyte "	"JSSZ143L"	"03/12/2018 12:02:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOSV"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £70k per annum + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £70k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist, Machine Learning, Statistics, Research, Innovation, Data Management, Data Strategy, Predictive Modelling, Product Development, Algorithms, Python, RAn excellent opportunity has arisen for a Data Scientist (Research Scientist) to work for a market leading organisation within their industry, based in London. This is an incredible opportunity for someone who is passionate about innovation and Data Science. The successful candidate would be responsible for leading the new Data Science piece within a state of the art R&D lab, for the organisation's flagship IOT product. Key skills/Experience required:- Extensive programming skills - Python, R- Experience of machine learning algorithms and machine learning frameworks - A background of developing within a sophisticated technology platform, specifically within an IoT environment- Extensive product development experience with an innovative approach- Strong Data Management and Data Strategy experience- Predictive modelling specialist- Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills- A degree in a mathematical or scientific subject with industry experience afterwards Please respond with an up to date CV for further information - (see below) McGregor Boyall is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on any grounds. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £70k per annum + Benefits"	"McGregor Boyall"	"Nathan Carolan "	"JS-39874508375"	"27/11/2018 09:07:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMjZ"	NA	NA	"About McGregor Boyallwww.mcgregor-boyall.com/McGregor Boyall is one of the UK's leading financial services recruitment firms. We have been established for over a quarter of a century and have built an unrivalled reputation for helping organisations recruit the very best talent to ensure that they realise their business and operational objectives. We deliver recruitment solutions for contract, interim and permanent positions across the following areas: Accounting & Control | IT & Change | Compliance | Finance | Marketing & Communications |  Risk | HR and Talent Management | Business Intelligence |   "
"Lead Data Scientist"	"£50k - 70k per year"	"Birmingham, West Midlands, England"	"Permanent"	"Lead Data Scientist"	"Birmingham, West Midlands, England - £50k - 70k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A Lead Data Scientist is required to join an exciting growing company based in Birmingham.Duration: Permanent Salary: £50,000 - £70,000 d.o.eWe are looking for someone with a passion for data science a strong expertise of data analytics and machine learning. You will be responsible for developing the company's unique algorithms, which are being used at the forefront of their industry. General Responsibilities:Producing insights from the data and present them to stakeholders.Leading and mentoring a small team of junior data scientists. Making recommendations and consulting with clients.Using your knowledge and expertise, you will determine the best methods to use to overcome the company's unique challenges.Produce model validation reports and data visualisation outputs.Project planning.The list below includes some of the technologies that you will have exposure to in this role, so prior experience would be desirable:Python & MATLABC++SQL & NoSQL databasesMachine LearningNeural NetworksImage ProcessingKnowledge of Big Data toolsSoftware DevelopmentAWSAgileThis is a brand-new requirement and my client are looking to fill the position as soon as possible.The candidate must have the right to work in the UK and be able to commute to Birmingham daily.Send your CV to (see below), or call Adam on 0207 812 7700 for more information.Data Science/Machine Learning Scientist/Python/Big Data/Matlab/Python/R/Algorithms/Statistical/Mathematical/Neural Networks/Data Analytics/Hadoop/Hive/Big Data/"	"Birmingham, West Midlands, England, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - 70k per year"	"X4 Group"	"Adam De Smit"	"JSDTSBHM597834"	"03/12/2018 17:42:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSSZ"	NA	NA	"About X4 Groupwww.x4technology.co.ukX4 Technology is an industry leading specialist recruitment business for the tech sector. We are part of the X4 Group, one of the fastest growing and most successful recruitment businesses, with over 10 years of experience in successfully placing mid to senior level contract and permanent professionals across the globe.Cyber Security Big Data Machine Learning & Data Science Business IntelligenceDevOps & Infrastructure Embedded Software Engineering Hardware & Electronics Java Development .Net Technologies Senior IT AppointmentsTestingPHP, Opensource & Ruby on RailsFront End TechnologiesSpecialist JavaScriptBusiness Development SEO, PPC & Analytics Marketing Fintech, Banking & Finance"
"Python DevOps Engineer"	"Up to £360 per Day"	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire"	"Contract"	"Python DevOps Engineer"	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire - Up to £360 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Python DevOps Engineer x 2 Sheffield £360 per day 6 months initially Job Description *Experience of developing and managing analytics solutions, ideally in Anaconda; Enterprise edition preferred (but not essential). *Exposure to managing open source repositories from external sources in a secure and approved way *Some knowledge of managing Data Science solutions in a Dev Ops Pipeline, considering deployment; ideally with exposure to tools such as Jenkins and Jira *Data science tooling experience, with an understanding of available python libraries and their implementation, preferably with an analytics background or similar. *Awareness of cloud technologies in AWS and/or GCP, and their use within data science and machine learning *Experience working in relevant environment/s, ie Anaconda, Python 2.7 and Python 3.5, R, Repository management *Ideally with Exposure to Docker or other related container technologies *Systems Implementation experience preferable, but not essential If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply now with your updated CV in word/PDF format.Notwithstanding any guidelines given to level of experience sought, we will consider candidates from outside this range if they can demonstrate the necessary competencies.Square One is acting as both an employment agency and an employment business, and is an equal opportunities recruitment business. Square One embraces diversity and will treat everyone equally: Please see our website for our full diversity statement."	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire, UK"	"IT"	"12/12/2018"	"Up to £360 per Day"	"Square One Resources"	"Ben Perry "	"JS-104580"	"30/11/2018 17:26:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkquY"	"6 months"	NA	"About Square One ResourcesEstablished in 1995, Square One Resources place IT, ERP and Pharma specialists into permanent or contract roles throughout the UK and Europe. We believe in building long-term relationships with both job seekers and clients, and this is demonstrated in everything we do.Based in London and Warsaw, we have over 120 employees, and strive to achieve a great balance of skilled recruiters and back office support. Square One are specialists in name, but better still, specialists in nature; with each consultant dedicated to working one industry and knowing it well. Our core values help us to fulfil our company vision, ensuring quality is not compromised."
"Data Architect - Legal - Permanent - London"	"£70k - £80k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Architect - Legal - Permanent - London"	"London - £70k - £80k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Data Architect - Legal - Permanent - London  William Alexander Recruitment are currently working with well known legal client based in London to recruit a Data Architect to join their team on a Permanent basis. The successful candidate should have experience with the following: Proven experience working as Data Architect Recent Legal experience - essential Knowledge of Data Science concepts MDM - Master data management Business intelligence Knowledge of general data warehousing architecture If you feel you meet the above requirements, then please apply. Successful applicants will be contacted within 2 working days of their CV being received. Data Architect - Legal - Permanent - London  The processing and use by us of your personal data is in accordance with our Privacy Notice which can be found on our website "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£70k - £80k"	"William Alexander Recruitment Ltd"	"Ben Rankin"	"JSBRDATAARCHITECTLEGAL"	"30/11/2018 15:52:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GiWjx"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£45k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £45k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist - Computer Vision, Machine Learning, MatlabOxfordshire - Oxford£45,000 - £55,000 per annum + benefits Our client are seeking a Data Scientist to join the team based in Oxford. Due to the successful growth and investment in the business the company is looking to expand its Data Science team which plays an integral part in developing machine vision algorithms. As a Data Scientist you will be working with cutting edge computer vision technologies in an established team who pride themselves working at the forefront of technology.The successful Data Scientist is likely have a relevant PHD in Computer Vision, Data Science, Physics or equivalent and have experience working in with data, software or mathematical modelling in the following areas:Key ExperienceComputer visionData ScienceMachine Vision/LearningAlgorithm developmentBig DataMatlabExperience in the following areas would be advantageous;Experience with neural networks or deep learningDevelopment experience with C++ or C#Version control software ie Git, SVN etc.If you are looking to work for an exciting high-tech company working where you will pay a pivotal part in contributing to technically demanding projects then please send your CV for immediate consideration or call.Keywords: Data Scientist, Data Science, Data Analysis, Matlab, R, Image Processing, Computer Vision, Octave, Big Data, PHD, Algorithm Development, Machine Learning, Machine vision, AI, Oxford, Oxfordshire."	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £55k per annum + Benefits"	"Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Ltd"	"Philip Meehan "	"JS-PM.DS.OX"	"28/11/2018 09:01:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkV5l"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Data Scientist"	"£50 - £60 per hour"	"London"	"Contract"	"Senior Data Scientist"	"London - £50 - £60 per hour"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"WA Consultants are recruiting for a Senior Data Scientist for a 6 month contract in London. Extensions likely.Job description: Design and develop analytical approaches based on product concepts, going all the way from feasibility checks to proof-of-concepts to prototypes to implementation in end-to-end solutions.Manage and coordinate Data Science projects, ie defining user stories and specific tasks working closely with Product Owners and Product Managers.Closely collaborate with machine learning engineers/software engineers on creating data-driven end-to-end solutions for marketers.Provide guidance and leadership to non-Senior Data Scientists in your workstream.Present Data Science capabilities in client-facing situations, at conferences and in workshops.Actively share Data Science knowledge within Technology and Data network.Desirable SkillsetExpert knowledge of Python programming, including Spark.Solid skills with regard to working in Big Data environments (eg, Cloudera Hadoop, Hortonworks Data Platform, AWS EMR, Map/Reduce, Hive).Expert knowledge of the constantly evolving Data Science ecosystem and its frameworks (eg, Hadoop, Spark MLlib, H2O, Tensorflow, Torch, Theano).Basic skills with regard to performance optimization and scalability (eg, parallelization, code optimization, containerization, function as a service).Expert skills with regard to database handling, in particular SQL, NoSQL.Expert statistical modelling skills.Expert knowledge of optimization and/or machine learning algorithms and/or deep learning algorithms.Solid understanding of Big Data Architectures.WA Consultants is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as described within The Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£50 - £60 per hour"	"WA Consultants"	"Phil Bradford "	"JS-PBWA291118"	"29/11/2018 10:38:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkguH"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Senior Data Scientist"	""	"London"	"Contract"	"Senior Data Scientist"	"London"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"I'm currently searching for a Senior Data Scientist, to join a blue chip technology firm in Germany.This will be an initial 6 month contract, with a fantastic opportunity for extension.About the opportunity:You will be designing and developing analytical approaches based on product concepts. Manage & coordinate data science projects Work alongside machine learning engineers to develop data driven end-to-end solutions.Present Data science capabilities in client facing situationsAbout you:Expert knowledge of Python programming (Including Spark)A background in working within Big DataKnowledge of the consultancy evolving Data Science marketSolid understanding of big data ArchitecturesIf you're interested in this contract opportunity & are available to start ASAP, please get in touch with Connor at  (see below) or by phoneWA Consultants is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as described within The Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003."	"London, UK"	"IT, Science"	"ASAP"	NA	"WA Consultants"	"Connor Pope "	"JS-CP/HAR/01/LON"	"03/12/2018 12:20:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOgN"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"JavaScript Developer"	"£300 - £350 per Day"	"West London"	"Contract"	"JavaScript Developer"	"West London - £300 - £350 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Front End Developer - Javascript, HTML, CSS, Jess, CypressI am keen to speak with Front End Developers for an initial 6-month contract for a business who is leading the field in AI world for a variety of sectors. They use AI, Data Science and Maths to revolutionise the business they work with.This is a Junior role and only requires 2 years of Front End Development skills. They are migrating from Jess to Cypress. The app will be React powered so knowledge or experience with React is beneficial. If not it will allow you to understand and learn the functionalities within React.Skills:- 2 years Javascript experience- HTML- CSS- React (nice to have)- Knowledge or Jess or Cypress (desirable)This a 6 month initial contract with the view to extend and is based in West London. Are you are available then please get in touch on (see below) Front End Developer - Javascript, HTML, CSS, Jess, CypressE-Synergy Solutions Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy."	"West London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£300 - £350 per Day"	"eSynergy Solutions"	"Thomas Burke "	"JS-JN -082018-14368"	"27/11/2018 15:43:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQKN"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Senior Data Engineer - London Based"	"80k - 100k"	"London Based"	"Permanent"	"Senior Data Engineer - London Based"	"London Based - 80k - 100k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Senior Data Engineer - London Based Salary: 80,000 - 100,000 Immediate start  I am looking for a Senior Data Engineer for a leading Digital Agency in London. This is an opportunity for you to join a truly unique digital consultancy that bring together design, data science, and software engineering professionals to deliver new products across the UK. I am after Senior Data Engineers who have delivered large scale data analytics applications on a Hadoop stack (or equivalent). You'll be helping to build data-centric solutions for a number of clients, applying engineering discipline to ensure high quality. Main responsibilities: This isn't a backroom role, and you can expect to spend time discussing design approaches and requirements with your colleagues and customers in addition to being engaged in development activities. You'll be comfortable picking up new technologies as and when the need arises. Design, development and operation of data pipelines within a multidisciplinary agile team. Analysis of requirements in order to understand the design options. Understand and communicate the pros and cons of different technologies and approaches. Collaborate with architects and operations engineers to propose and deploy cloud or on-premises infrastructure. Technical skills:  Practical knowledge of: Different types of database - relational; document; graph; columnar; key -value. Large scale data processing platforms, typically based on Hadoop/Spark. Business intelligence/analytics products or frameworks. Data visualisation frameworks  Knowledge of data integration technologies. Knowledge of distributed computing and information security Java or Scala development exposure; familiarity with Python is a bonus. Agile principles.  If you are interested in hearing more then please get in touch with Chris Mayers at Evolution Recruitment Solutions.Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role."	"London Based, UK"	"IT"	NA	"80k - 100k"	"Evolution Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Christopher Mayers "	"JS/C2M/685858"	"27/11/2018 12:50:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPfR"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Data Scientist - Robotics/Automation/Driving -12 month contract"	"£550 - £600 per day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Robotics/Automation/Driving -12 month contract"	"London - £550 - £600 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist - Robotics/AI/Deep Learning/Automation/Autonomous Driving - London - 12 month contract - up to 600p/dMy leading client are working on a cutting edge greenfield autonomous driving project and they are keen to grow the Data science team.This is a great opportunity to be part of a Tech centred environment whilst working on an exciting projects!Experience:Experience with AI/Machine LearningUnderstanding of Robotics/Autonomous Driving/Automation Data optimisationData enthusiastData optimisation modelsknowledge of Big Data technologiesDesirable:*Python*DockerData Scientist - Robotics/AI/Deep Learning/Automation/Autonomous Driving - London - 12 month contract - up to 600p/d"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£550 - £600 per day"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"Tim Bunn "	"JS-BBBH54853"	"29/11/2018 17:11:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkjyj"	"12"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£70k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £70k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data Scientist (Permanent)- Central LondonSalary: £70,000 plus benefits package  My client provides technology for plant and equipment and related services for processing foods and manufacturing advanced materials. They are looking to set up a data Science hub in London. In light of this, they are looking for a data scientist with 2-3 years' experience to grow within the business and develop into a lead management position.  Responsibilities:Support on a variety of image processing project and other data-driven workContribute to the formulation of their growing data scientist hubSupport senior management to advice on data issues company wide Essential skills:At least 2-3 years commercial experience in data science related rolesBackground using image processingStrong python coding skills  Benefits:Become subject matter expert within companyWork on exciting project and interesting commercial datasetsSocial environment- monthly team outingsYearly benefits26 days holidayIf you are passionate about your field and want to work in a progressive, fun and down-to-earth organisation; please apply. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£70k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Andrew Comyn "	"JSJOB AD DATA SCIENTIST BUH...."	"03/12/2018 08:42:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLWK"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer - Python"	""	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire"	"Contract"	"DevOps Engineer - Python"	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Python DevOps Engineer Location: Sheffield Duration: 6 months Job Description: Experience of developing and managing analytics solutions, ideally in Anaconda; Enterprise edition preferred (but not essential). Exposure to managing open source repositories from external sources in a secure and approved way Some knowledge of managing Data Science solutions in a Dev Ops Pipeline, considering deployment; ideally with exposure to tools such as Jenkins and Jira Data science tooling experience, with an understanding of available python libraries and their implementation, preferably with an analytics background or similar. Awareness of cloud technologies in AWS and/or GCP, and their use within data science and machine learning Experience working in relevant environment/s, ie Anaconda, Python 2.7 and Python 3.5, R, Repository management Ideally with Exposure to Docker or other related container technologies Systems Implementation experience preferable, but not essential Suitable candidates should submit their CV in the first instance"	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Experis IT"	"James Mcgonnell"	"JS-BBBH94204"	"03/12/2018 14:00:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPnL"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	""	"Kingston upon Thames, Surrey"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"Kingston upon Thames, Surrey"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, Python) - 6 Month Contract - Kingston upon ThamesMy client, a large consumer goods company are looking for 2 Data Scientists to join them in Kingston upon Thames on an initial 6 month contract basis, offering a competitive daily rate. The role will be working as part of a larger Analytics and Data Science function to better understand the market place and business problems.Role Background:The successful candidate will focus on advanced demand forecasting within the consumer goods space. Building models that enable markets to make better planning decisions.You will also work to understand the business problems and how to deliver relevant insights that lead to actions.Another part of the role will involve gathering data and building machine learning models to solve advanced forecasting problems requiring predictive and/or prescriptive analyticsYou will work with a range of internal and external teams around Data Science and Supply Chain.Required Skills:Candidates should be well versed with Machine learning forecasting techniques as well as statistical modelling.A working knowledge of operational research and supply chain processes would also be of interest.The client has also expressed an interest in seeing candidates with Python coding experience and an understanding of Cloud architecture, in particular MS Azure.Any prior experience of Hadoop and Spark would be beneficial as well as exposure to simulation packages such as Anylogic.Candidates should be comfortable communicating at a range of levels in an Agile environment to deliver complex insights in a precise and actionable manner."	"Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Experis IT"	"James Concar "	"JS-BBBH94088"	"29/11/2018 18:37:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkkFR"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Java Developer - Benefit Humanity"	"£65k - £75k per annum + Flexi time, Pension, bonus"	"Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Java Developer - Benefit Humanity"	"Oxfordshire - £65k - £75k per annum + Flexi time, Pension, bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Java Developer - Benefit HumanityWe are looking for a Java Developer to join a company creating Software to help scientists in their research to advance medical discoveries. The Java Developer will be working on Data acquisition Software to implement new functionality. Your work as a Java Developer will contribute to the company maintaining its status as one of the UK's leading research institutions. We are looking for a Java Developer with the below capabilities:Strong experience of Agile Java Development. Best Practices such as TDD/BDD.Strong Cloud experience such as AWS. Interest in Machine Learning and NLP.Key Skills: Java 8, Spring, Hibernate, Agile, TDD, Machine Learning, NLP, Data Science.Apply now for immediately consideration regarding this excellent opportunity! Understanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy.It is a company that looks after its staff with childcare vouchers, flexi-time, financial assistance for relocation, and continuous investment in the Java Developer's training and Development. The company at the moment are recruiting at all levels as they see 2018 as a huge year for their research programmes."	"Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£65k - £75k per annum + Flexi time, Pension, bonus"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Simeon Owen "	"JS-BBBH608"	"02/12/2018 17:00:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFU4"	NA	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"
"Head of Robotics (C++, Robotic Limbs, Control Systems)"	"£70k - £80k per annum"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Head of Robotics (C++, Robotic Limbs, Control Systems)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £70k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Head of Robotics (C++, Robotic Limbs, Control Systems)We are rapidly expanding Computer Vision and Robotics SME developing technology that is implemented internationally who are looking for a Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist (C++, Robotic Arms/Limbs) to join our team as we continue to operate as leaders worldwide for Computer Vision and Robotics for a number of difference markets.As our Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist you will not just be working on a single project, you will be working on applying our Computer Vision and Robotics solutions to a wide array of real-world problems, providing an innovative resolution and increasing the efficiency of world renowned organisations. As our Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist you will spearhead the production more universal technology capable of providing excellent solutions in an as many environments as possible. As our Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist you will have the opportunity to construct your own team spanning across Research, SW Engineering, Data Science teams as we continue to progress as one of the UK's leading specialists in Computer Vision and Robotics.As our Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist, you will be given the freedom to intuitively develop your own solutions, as our Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist, without command for approval from the entire administration. You will be valued, trusted and given autonomy in our company.As our Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist we can offer you:An opportunity to apply world-leading research in the field of Computer Vision providing solutions to real-world problems on an international scale.To be part of a fast growing AI company who are based in central Oxford (near the train station).A dynamic environment in which innovation is celebrated by the team of dedicated and passionate individuals that surround you.A chance to be an integral part of the future of Computer Vision.Key Skills: Head of Robotics/Senior Roboticist, Computer Vision, Robotics, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, C++, Python, Machine Perception, Real World Data"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £80k per annum"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-BBBH5056"	"03/12/2018 05:00:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhv"	NA	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"
"C++ Engineer (Linear Algebra, C++, Computer Vision)"	"£50k - £60k per annum + equity"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"C++ Engineer (Linear Algebra, C++, Computer Vision)"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £50k - £60k per annum + equity"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"C++ Engineer (Linear Algebra, C++, Computer Vision)We are an already-profitable UK leading self-driving vehicle SME who are looking for a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer (Linear Algebra, C++, Computer Vision) to help join us as we push forward in implementing the latest research from around the world into our autonomous cars. We have very strong links with leading academic institutionsAs a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer you will be working on bringing not just our vehicles to the UK, though you will be working on several different products which are already live worldwide in different industries (mining, logistics, trains etc). As a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer you will also help us in our aim to have vehicles running at the highest level of autonomy, whilst being as safe and robust as possible. As a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer you will be able to work across our Research teams, SW Engineering teams, Data Science teams as we move forward into becoming the UK's favourite autonomous vehicle provider.As a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer within our company, you won't be bogged down with bureaucracy and red-tape - giving you opportunity as a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer to build and scale systems without a sky-high chain of command for approval. You will be trusted and be given autonomy within our company.As a C++ Engineer/Software Engineer we can offer you:A chance to implement cutting edge research within Computer Vision from leading institutions worldwide.To be part of an already profitable AI company who are changing the future of autonomous vehicles.An environment where you are surrounded with highly dedicated and passionate individuals who have great determination and ambition.A chance to be an important part of the future of self-driving vehicles.Key Skills include: C++ Engineer/Software Engineer, Comp Vision, CVPR, C++ Boost, STL, Real Time systems, Linux, OpenCV, Machine Learning, Python, Neural Networks, Robotics, Real world data, Machine Perception, Autonomous Vehicles, Self-Driving, Cloud Processing."	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£50k - £60k per annum + equity"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Mat Ferdenzi "	"JS-SM-4011"	"03/12/2018 05:01:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHiA"	NA	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"
"Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning"	"£65k - £80k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning"	"London - £65k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine LearningAn innovative Tech company that has a heavy focus on AI are currently hiring for a Delivery Manager to join an established, talented team. They provide a service used by thousands of reputable brands and combine artificial intelligence and machine learning technology to remove the financial and reputational risks that come with planning and creating content around poorly understood target audiences, and to make their marketing decisions more efficient and effective.Whilst they are continuing to build a new product that leverages Big Data and AI tech, they're in need of someone to work closely with their Data Science, Product and Client Services groups to ensure delivery of features that vary from implementing sophisticated Back End algorithms that make use of Big Data and ML to UI features that enhance client experiences.Delivery ManagerArtificial IntelligenceBig DataMachine LearningYou'll motivate, retain and provide direction and guidance for a team of 6 developers (both on and offshore), whilst also running an Agile process (Kanban board, daily stand up, regular retro's etc). Furthermore, as Delivery Manager, you'll lead hiring efforts for further engineers, work with Product Managers to help manage backlogs and also, provide an interface between the team and the rest of the organisation.If you feel you're a good fit and would like to work with some of London's most talented developers, please do get in touch!Delivery Manager, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£65k - £80k per annum"	"Oliver Bernard"	"Sina Faramarzi "	"JS-DMAF"	"27/11/2018 15:04:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPyy"	NA	NA	"About Oliver Bernardwww.oliverbernard.co.uk/Oliver Bernard is a leading technology recruitment consultancy, specialising in placing both permanent and contract IT professional's in London. Founded by experienced recruiters who have a successful reputation of providing a high level of service to clients and candidates alike, within Java, Web, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, Python, C++, C#/.NET, QA, Devops, Project Management and BA."
"Data Scientist - Supply Chain"	"Market Rate"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Supply Chain"	"London - Market Rate"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist - Supply ChainIf you are a Data Scientist looking for your next contract opportunity to manipulate multi-source data and build Machine Learning Models within a Microsoft Azure Cloud environment. Click apply or contact Oliver to be considered immediately for this Data Scientist opportunity. My South West London based client is looking for a Data Scientist fluent in operational research within supply chain environments to gather data and build machine learning models to solve advanced forecasting problems to gain a competitive advantage within procurement, manufacturing and distribution. You will code in Python and R to leverage both predicative and prescriptive analytics alongside advanced machine learning forecasting techniques to provide optimal ROI for this market dominant client. A background in statistical modelling, optimisation techniques and simulation packages such as Anylogic will prove extremely beneficial. Essential:* Data Science within Supply Chain environments and applications* Machine Learning Model Building & Forecasting Techniques * Operational research* Statistical Modelling* Python Coding & R* Manipulating multi-source data* Cloud Architecture* Simulation Packages (Anylogic or similar) Apply or contact Oliver to be considered immediately for this Data Scientist opportunity. "	"London, UK"	"IT, Logistics"	"ASAP"	"Market Rate"	"Gibbs Hybrid"	"Oliver Longhurst "	"JS-OLDSCORSC"	"27/11/2018 17:16:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQ8Z"	"6 months"	NA	"About Gibbs Hybridwww.gibbshybrid.comGibbs Hybrid Gibbs Hybrid is an International people-powered business, providing Programme Technology Solutions, Total Talent Management Services and Outsourcing as a Service. We offer our innovative blended models to help improve our clients’ People, Technology, Process and Delivery Challenges.Headquartered in the UK, Gibbs Hybrid has offices across Ireland, Poland, Luxembourg, US and Canada.  We are a tier one partner, privately held and a globally certified Woman-owned Business Enterprise (WBE) & Ethnic Minority Owned Business (EMB). Our passion is to be the most respected and trusted partner and our philosophy is centred round Innovation, Customer Centricity, Expert Execution.Passionate about people and passionate about making a difference. "
"Cloud Security Architect - finance - Cloud Security - CISO, Google Cloud, MS Azure, and AWS"	"£100k - £130k + Bonus and benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Cloud Security Architect - finance - Cloud Security - CISO, Google Cloud, MS Azure, and AWS"	"London - £100k - £130k + Bonus and benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Cloud Security Architect - finance - Cloud Security - CISO, Google Cloud, MS Azure, and AWS Cloud Security Architect is required by a top consultancy firms to join the Financial Services advisory area and act as a client facing Cloud security architect. My clients are looking for someone with a very strong depth of security and cloud knowledge, who is able to educate customers on why public cloud' is safer and more sustainable than any other solutions Responsibilities include Developing and bringing to market analytics propositions and services Analytics strategy, target operational model, analytics capability establishment method definition and execution Development of Cloud and advanced analytics market strategy and propositions Leadership over advanced analytics internal capability development in the areas of data science, cloud analytics, natural language processing, Real Time analytics Technical Skills Any advanced security training provided by the cloud providers - should be seen as the extended arm of the relevant Trust team CISO in a mid-size geographically-spread organisation with some cloud service roll-out experience/cloud transformation experience. Alternatively, member of the Cloud Trust teams of the top cloud providers: Google Cloud, MS Azure, and Amazon Web Services.A university degree, preferably in computer science, engineering, business and information or similar, with a minimum of a 2:1 (or equivalent), and ideally an MBA or MSc Experienced at producing multi-tier, high-availability infrastructure architectures in an Enterprise & Cloud environment Expert knowledge in implementing and operating in cloud platforms (Azure, Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Salesforce) "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Sept - November 2018"	"£100k - £130k + Bonus and benefits"	"Curtis Reed Associates"	"Sam Turk "	"JS/CLSEC/SAM"	"27/11/2018 09:52:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GZQkf"	NA	"Executive"	"About Curtis Reed Associateswww.curtisreed.comCurtis Reed Associates is an IT recruitment organisation, established in 1998, specialising in providing staff across all sectors. Our clients range from international Banks and Consulting firms to Fintechs.Our reputation is built on our deep understanding of our market and attention to detail. Our consultants specialise in their own niche market area and have a deep understanding of their business area and candidates. Part of our success is due to the quality of candidate networks that we have established and the ability to quickly understand our clients’ requirements and deliver candidates that match.Curtis Reed Associates is committed to recruitment best practice and is GDPR compliant."
"Python Developer - Microservices - £100,000 -£150,000 - Financial Services"	"150k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python Developer - Microservices - £100,000 -£150,000 - Financial Services"	"London - 150k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Python Developer - Microservices - £100,000 -£150,000 - Financial Services Python developer with experience building microservices is needed for my financial services client. The role is based in London and is looking to offer between £100,000 and £150,000. The organisation specialises in high frequency low latency trading platforms. They are currently preparing for a large influx of sales which is going in place in early January next year and for this they are putting various automation protocols in place surrounding reporting, alerting, data science and more. As part of this they are looking for a senior python developer who can mentor a couple of junior members of the team and lead the way in building microservices in Python. Essential Skills Strong Python Development experience Experience building microservices within python Previous financial services experience is preferred Any exposure to networking technology is preferred This is an urgent role for our client, and they are looking to set up interviews in the next couple of weeks. If you are a python developer that fits all the above requirements then please apply with your most up to date CV ASAP, and I'll be in touch to provide more information. Kite Human Capital - Hire Better We are unashamedly focused on working with only the best people, who care about customer value and maintain a fantastic working reputation. If you are someone that is committed to working hard to achieve great results, views challenge as an exciting opportunity and wants to work in some of the best possible assignments then please get in touch, we'd love to help you find your next position. We pride ourselves on rock solid integrity and honesty, and place client value at the centre of every decision we make. '2018 - Winner Best Client Service' '2017 - Winner Agency of The Year' '2017 - Winner Banking & Financial Services Agency' '2016 - Winner Banking & Financial Services Agency' Job Type: Permanent Salary: £100,000.00 to £150,000.00/year"	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance, Consulting"	NA	"150k"	"Kite Human Capital Ltd"	"Joanna Gromala"	"JSKHCJOG4550"	"03/12/2018 16:49:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRoG"	NA	NA	"About Kite Human Capital Ltdwww.kitehumancapital.com/Kite Human Capital provide an award-winning service to the Financial, Real Estate and Fintech industries. We believe that recruitment should deliver only good or great hires, and that our clients deserve to get better return from their investment in people.Through a combination of our philosophy, values, process and people, we consistently go beyond the industry standard to deliver human capital solutions of enduring value. Why else would 98% of our clients plan to use us the next time they hire?"
"Python Developer - Microservices - £100,000 -£150,000"	"100k - 150k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Python Developer - Microservices - £100,000 -£150,000"	"London - 100k - 150k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Python Developer - Microservices - £100,000-£150,000 Python developer with experience building microservices is needed for my financial services client. The role is based in London and is looking to offer between £100,000 and £150,000. The organisation specialises in high frequency low latency trading platforms. They are currently preparing for a large influx of sales which is going in place in early January next year and for this they are putting various automation protocols in place surrounding reporting, alerting, data science and more. As part of this they are looking for a senior python developer who can mentor a couple of junior members of the team and lead the way in building microservices in Python. Essential Skills Strong Python Development experience Experience building microservices within python Previous financial services experience is preferred Any exposure to networking technology is preferred This is an urgent role for our client, and they are looking to set up interviews in the next couple of weeks. If you are a python developer that fits all the above requirements then please apply with your most up to date CV ASAP, and I'll be in touch to provide more information. Kite Human Capital - Hire Better We are unashamedly focused on working with only the best people, who care about customer value and maintain a fantastic working reputation. If you are someone that is committed to working hard to achieve great results, views challenge as an exciting opportunity and wants to work in some of the best possible assignments then please get in touch, we'd love to help you find your next position. We pride ourselves on rock solid integrity and honesty, and place client value at the centre of every decision we make. '2018 - Winner Best Client Service' '2017 - Winner Agency of The Year' '2017 - Winner Banking & Financial Services Agency' '2016 - Winner Banking & Financial Services Agency'"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"100k - 150k"	"Kite Human Capital Ltd"	"Joanna Gromala"	"JSKHCJO4550"	"27/11/2018 07:03:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GjA6l"	NA	"Executive"	"About Kite Human Capital Ltdwww.kitehumancapital.com/Kite Human Capital provide an award-winning service to the Financial, Real Estate and Fintech industries. We believe that recruitment should deliver only good or great hires, and that our clients deserve to get better return from their investment in people.Through a combination of our philosophy, values, process and people, we consistently go beyond the industry standard to deliver human capital solutions of enduring value. Why else would 98% of our clients plan to use us the next time they hire?"
"Senior Java Developer - FinTech - Up to £120K - London"	"£120K + bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Head of Business Intelligence"	"£60k - £80k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Business Intelligence"	"London - £60k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Business Intelligence (BI)/Data/Snowflake/SQL/Python/Looker/FintechHead of Business IntelligenceSalary £60k-£80k Based in Central London Peer to peer lending company, entering the scale-up phase, looking for a hands-on Head of Business Intelligence (BI) that has had exposure to SQL, Python, Snowflake and Looker to champion data across the company. Amazing opportunity to build out the data science function of the company from scratch as they enter the scale-up phase. Experience building out data architecture in SQLUnderstanding of Python Entusiasm to work with cloud native tools and modern BI tools (snowflake and looker) Massive datasets to work onExperience with data warehouse management Pulling data in on a daily basis: managing risk in a timely, efficitient manner. Debugging code using Python Figuring out various ways to collect data Business Intelligence (BI)/Data/Snowflake/SQL/Python/Looker/Fintech"	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£60k - £80k per annum"	"Tiro Partners"	"Shannon O Brien"	"JS-BBBH1508"	"03/12/2018 16:10:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRGT"	NA	NA	NA
"Principle Cloud Architect"	"£95k - £125k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Principle Cloud Architect"	"London - £95k - £125k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Principal Cloud Architect - Azure Expert Partner - AWS/GCP - £95,000-£125,000 + Benefits - LondonA Principal Cloud Architect is required by a Microsoft Gold Partner reseller and Azure Expert Partner to support pre-sales and solution development, initially focussing on Microsoft with a view to expand to Google Cloud and AWS.You will report directly to the Head of Cloud on international datacentre transformations, cost modelling and cloud readiness within a global community, covering cloud native, data science/analytics, machine learning and IOT based projects.Requirements-Proven experience as Technical Design Authority for cloud migration programmes.-Certified Azure solution architect, DevOps certification desirable.-TOGAF, ITIL aligned.-Successful pre-sales engagement history, ideally in complex public cloud transformation programmes.You will get the chance to design complex cloud transformation programmes for high profile clients across a range of industry sectors.To apply for this position simply follow the link or call Oliver for an exploratory chat on 02039295864.Lawrence Harvey are one of the leading technology recruitment specialists in the UK. As highly competent Consultants we are consistently building on the excellent reputation that we have already established in IT recruitment. We work in partnership with our clients and candidates building a relationship through understanding, so we can ensure we are always delivering to their needs.Principal Cloud Architect - Azure Expert Partner - AWS/GCP - £95,000-£125,000 + Benefits - LondonLawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£95k - £125k per annum"	"Lawrence Harvey"	"Oliver Goodenough "	"JS-HQ00085001"	"03/12/2018 17:34:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSNM"	NA	NA	NA
"Software Developer - Trading - Java, C++ or Python"	"£80k - £110k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Software Developer - Trading - Java, C++ or Python"	"London - £80k - £110k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Software Developers with either Python Java or C++ experience needed for a leading trading firm based in the City who are looking to grout their Data Analytics and Quant teams. As such they are looking for 3 Software Developers ranging from Mid to VP Level. This is a hands on role where you'll be working in a Real Time data processing environment. This is a great opportunity for a passionate and dedicated Developer to be part of a cutting edge, fast paces team. Essential Strong system building experience, handling Real Time event driven calculations Experience of developing container frameworks and the tooling that goes with them Track record of data-driven development and unit-testing, mocking and back-testing Experience with high-throughput messaging technologies Proven background in multiple languages and willing to learn additional languages when required Essential Language: Python, C++ or Java Desirable Background with multiple asset classes is an advantage Background in/good understanding of trading systems is an advantage Experience using risk and pricing analytics Data Science skills - Python, R and Data Analytics/Machine Learning skills Database experience - KDB, Cassandra and other data technologies To be alert to Conduct Risk issues, specifically the risk of harm to client interests, market integrity and/or competition in financial markets due to inappropriate practices or behaviours across the firm Desirable Languages/Technologies: C++, Java, C#, C, KDB+/Q, Spark "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£80k - £110k"	"HW Search & Selection"	"Alex Augustine"	"JS/AA/PYTHON"	"30/11/2018 11:35:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp5G"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Security Consultant"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Security Consultant"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Security Consultant - Permanent - London- Excellent SalaryIn this Security role you'll be given the opportunity to work on some of the most interesting challenges and programmes in the sector.You will be trusted to work across the whole development life cycle for clients, offering a rare opportunity to gain broad experiences with a range of world class organisations and institutions.We are looking for dynamic, motivated and ambitious people with a passion for consulting. In return we offer fantastic progression, job satisfaction, excellent rates of pay, performance related bonus and all the benefits and security that you get for working for a fantastic company.Position Requirements:  Security expertise and experience in one of the following areas;business analysisbusiness changedata scienceenterprise cloud architectureHuman Resources (HR)LEAN six sigmaSolution architectureA proven track record of advising clients and delivering transformational change in the sectorKnowledge of the major challenges facing organisations in the sectorExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsAbility to problem solve and wider consulting skillsBenefits package:Private medical insuranceTransport allowance25 days annual leave with the opportunity to buy 5 additional daysCompany pension schemeAnnual performance-based bonusLife and Income protection insuranceTax efficient benefits (cycle to work, give as you earn, childcare benefits)Voluntary benefits (Dental, critical illness, spouse/partner life assurance)."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Chris Smith "	"JS-J7066L"	"28/11/2018 14:30:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkZxs"	NA	NA	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."
"Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark)"	"£450 - 550 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark)"	"London - £450 - 550 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark)Central LondonImmediate start12 month contract£450 - £550 depending on experienceA Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark) is required to join a successful start-up in the financial services industry, based in Central London for an immediate 12-month contract.The Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark) will join a highly skilled team to build the Back End of a Data Analytics Platform.The right candidate must have a passion for Data and expertise of the Python programming language, plus a minimum of 4 years of hands-on development experience.Key responsibilities for the Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark) include:Own features from design to deploymentWork with technology and Data Science teams to understand application requirementsWrite tests, API and deployment documentationEssential skills for the Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark) include:Minimum of 4 years hands-on development experienceExpertise of the Python programming languageKnowledge of Spark/Kafka/Druid/IgniteA passion for Test Driven DevelopmentMastery of and expertise in GitSolid fundamentals of data structures and algorithmsComprehension of application architectureDesirable skills for Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark) include:Experience working with Big Data sets (experience with financial data would be a bonus)Familiarity with some of these technologies: Pandas/Java/Bash/HDFS/NumpyKnowledge of Data Science and Machine Learning would be beneficialDev-ops: Ansible, Docker, Jenkins etcWhat will make the Data Platform Engineer (Python/Kafka/Spark) a superstar?You will have a detail-orientated, problem solving approachYou will value continual learningYou will have an academic background and be keen to broaden your existing skills and expertiseThe right candidate must be available to start immediately and must be willing to undertake occasional travel to the client site (commutable from HQ.)Prerequisite:The candidate must have the right to work in the UK.If you think this sounds like a perfect fit, please APPLY. Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Business Intelligence, Development IT & Legal IT. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role.  "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"December"	"£450 - 550 per Day"	"Venturi Limited"	"Olivia Ferris"	"JS44521OF"	"30/11/2018 20:58:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkq7E"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior (lead) Big Data Engineer | Global Organization | London"	"£90k - £110k per annum + £20K Bonus + Benefits!"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior (lead) Big Data Engineer | Global Organization | London"	"London - £90k - £110k per annum + £20K Bonus + Benefits!"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior (lead) Big Data Engineer | Global Organization | London | £110,000 + £20,000 Bonus!  Empiric are partnering with a Global Organization in London to help them look for Senior Big Data Engineers with a background in Java (JVM), Python, Scala, Hadoop, NoSQL and Spark.  The successful Data Engineers/Developers would join a Data focused organization who have put Big Data and Data science at the core of what they do and they are looking for creative technical Big Data Engineer/Developers to join them.  If you are a smart, creative Big Data Engineer/Developer you have the chance to join a team in the midst of a cutting edge Optimization project in London and lead a scrum of 5!  Your programming skills are required to lead the way with digital technologies that can transform how this company uses data to gain insight into their customers and become more efficient.  This is an opportunity to really have a say in their technology road-map and introduce new technologies! The Role You will be leading a unique and experienced Big Data team in their London office. You will be building the next Generation Big Data platform, working with some of the leading minds in Data. They work within an Agile environment with small scrums where you will be able to implement your ideas and introduce new and exciting technologies. This is an expansive opportunity where the team is growing rapidly and you will have the chance to move up in the company. Desired Skills Development Experience with Java, Python or Scala. Experience with Spark and with the Hadoop Ecosystem. HBase Experience. Agile experience with Scrum or Kanban. How to Apply  Please do not delay in applying for this unique opportunity. Alternatively if you have a friend or colleague that may be suitable please pass on my details. Successful referrals will be rewarded.  To discuss this exciting Data opportunity in more detail please send your CV to Seb Rodriguez.Keywords  Hadoop, Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, NoSQL, Cassandra, Couchbase, CouchDB, Kafka, Confluent, Spark, Databricks, AWS, Redshift, Java, JVM, Scala, Agile, Scrum, Hive, Impala, HBase, Yarn, Python, ElasticSearch, Flink, Flume, Soir, Oozie, Pig, Map-Reduce.Empiric Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£90k - £110k per annum + £20K Bonus + Benefits!"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-SR- SBDE"	"30/11/2018 08:50:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkpA8"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Business Intelligence Developer/BI Developer"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Business Intelligence Developer/BI Developer"	"London - £45k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Business Intelligence Developer, BI DeveloperBusiness Intelligence/BI Developer required to join a small cross functional team to help enhance the information architecture, to develop and maintain data integration pipelines, ETL jobs and other data flows. The successful candidate will be bringing all commissions together and support the data alongside supporting integration work between departments using ETL tools as well as designing and automating the ETL solutions. You will work very closely to the Data Science team as well as the Analysis team allowing the reflection and passing of knowledge between. You will also support the Senior Data analysts in solving any challenges. Key Skills: - A passion for BI, Data Engineering, Analytics or Data Science - Strong working skills in SQL and programming are required, predominantly in Python. - Experience in cloud based technologies is essential preferably AWS. - Desire to learn and develop existing skill set This is a fantastic opportunity for any Business Intelligence/BI Developer to join a buzzing, fast paced agile environment in the heart of London. If you are a Business Intelligence Developer, BI Developer or have a passion to progress in the Business Intelligence area then please take advantage of this exciting opportunity, not only to utilise but to also develop your knowledge within the industry."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"Reed Technology"	"Rhys Ivey "	"JS-X3-18604"	"30/11/2018 09:58:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkphN"	NA	NA	NA
"Automation Engineer"	"£80k - £95k per annum + big bonus and benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Automation Engineer"	"London - £80k - £95k per annum + big bonus and benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Automation EngineerI am recruiting for a exciting opportunity to work with a well known client in Central London.You will be using your problem solving skills and technical skills to build solutions to challenges that the company faces.You will need:excellent python Scripting skillsexperience with SQL, HTML, Javascriptdegree in a technical field OR experience in a previous data science roleexperience working with Kubernetes or Docker swarmYou will also:Analyse the client's internal processes and databuild and maintain the infrastructure that automates analytics team's scriptswork with tech/product teamsBenefits!Working in a office with a gym ONSITE, prayer room, as well as a rooftop gardencompany benefits such as private healthcare, cycle to workworking from home/flexible workingIf interested in this role, then please apply below!We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnerships, pregnancy or maternity or age."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£80k - £95k per annum + big bonus and benefits"	"onezeero"	"Sasha Mirzaians "	"JS-50196715"	"27/11/2018 15:51:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQNz"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Data Scientist/Python"	"£55k-£75k +"	"Central London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist/Python"	"Central London - £55k-£75k +"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist/Python One of our clients, who are based in Central London are looking for a Data Scientist to join their team. You will be highly educated with an undergraduate degree or MSc from stem background with 3-5 years of working experience.  Skill set:- - Python development/prototyping including: pandas, numpy, sklearn, autoencoders, Django, big data (Spark, elasticsearch)- Machine learning, NLP Main Duties:- - Work with head of AI, CTO, data science team and clients to develop cutting edge machine learning models (both unsupervised and supervised models)- Work with leading Universities to develop academic research programmes aimed at developing new methodologies and algorithms in the topics of anomaly detection, natural language processing and risk identification using neural networks- Collaborate with clients to help them improve efficiencies in their compliance processes, reduce false positives and false negatives in their risk identification processes by analysing their data and highlighting risks from automated analysis- Build prototypes aimed at ingesting clients' data and running machine learning models Other skills:- - You will be a self-starter- Ability to learn quickly different topics- Ability to produce prototypes aimed at proving/disproving business hypotheses- Ability to present findings back to client/senior audience Please e-mail your CV to Hayley ASAP In the first instance."	"Central London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£55k-£75k +"	"Incisive Ltd"	"Hayley Silverstein "	"JS"	"27/11/2018 10:38:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Ge8uV"	NA	"Graduate"	NA
"Big Data Engineer | Global Organization | London"	"£85k per annum + Bonus + Benefits!"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Big Data Engineer | Global Organization | London"	"London - £85k per annum + Bonus + Benefits!"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Big Data Engineer | Global Organization | London | £85,000 + Bonus + Great Benefits! Empiric are partnering with a Global Telco Organization in London to help them look for Big Data Engineers with a background in Java (JVM), Python, Scala, Hadoop, NoSQL and Spark.  The successful Data Engineers/Developers would join a Data focused organization who have put Big Data and Data science at the core of what they do and they are looking for creative technical Big Data Engineer/Developer to join them.  If you are a smart, creative Big Data Engineer/Developer you have the chance to join a team in the midst of a cutting edge Optimization project in London and using the latest Big Data technologies, working with a Squad development methodology so you will have the chance to introduce new technologies to the project!  We need someone with a functional programming background who preferably comes from Java and has moved on to JVM languages like Scala.  This is an opportunity to really have a say in their technology road-map and improve your skills with a team of talented technologists! The RoleYou will be part of a unique and experienced Big Data team in their London office. You will be building the next Generation Big Data platform, working with some of the leading minds in Data. They work within an Agile environment with small scrums where you will be able to implement your ideas and introduce new and exciting technologies. This is an expansive opportunity where the team is growing rapidly and you will have the chance to move up in the company. Desired Skills Development Experience with Java, Python or Scala.  Experience with Spark and with the Hadoop Ecosystem.  HBase Experience.  Agile experience with Scrum or Kanban. Cloudera or Hortonworks Hadoop distributions would be advantageous. How to Apply  Please do not delay in applying for this unique opportunity. Alternatively if you have a friend or colleague that may be suitable please pass on my details. Successful referrals will be rewarded. To discuss this opportunity in more detail please send your CV to Seb Rodriguez  (see below)  Keywords  Hadoop, Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, NoSQL, Cassandra, Couchbase, CouchDB, Kafka, Confluent, Spark, Databricks, AWS, Redshift, Java, JVM, Scala, Agile, Scrum, Columnar Data Formats, Hive, Impala, HBase, Yarn, Python, ElasticSearch, Flink, Flume, Solr, Oozie, Pig, Map-Reduce.Empiric Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£85k per annum + Bonus + Benefits!"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-SE - BDE"	"30/11/2018 08:47:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkpAH"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - London"	"£60k - £85k"	"London, England"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - London"	"London, England - £60k - £85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Love to problem solve? Experienced in Machine Learning, Algorithms? Want to be involved in industry disruptive technologies. Be-ITs client is building Artificial Intelligence focussed on optimising large-scale project delivery. They are changing the consulting industry and need passionate and experienced people to join them. Our clients customer-facing teams provide consultancy support to a range of different clients on all aspects of data from Cradle through to grave. They work mainly, but not exclusively, in the Financial Services sector and their clients call on them to deliver the most challenging assignments going. Theyre proud of the outstanding work they deliver to their clients and aim to significantly exceed client expectations on each project they undertake. Data Science is a core part of their customer-facing work, with previous and current Data Science engagements including: Using Data Science to diagnose the reasons for under-performance in a client product portfolio, along with remediation actions required to address this shortfall; Developing novel applications of Data Science to help better understand the clients Customers, Markets, Products and Competitors; Developing Machine Learning algorithms and tools to help improve client data quality and data consistency; Using Machine Learning to improve the delivery of a large portfolio of client projects; Using Data Science to help detect fraud and ensure compliance with Anti Money Laundering obligations; Design, build, delivery and operation of Data Science innovation laboratories, including provision of interim specialist resources to help embed the new labs. For all their roles, it is essential for you to have a minimum of 3 years hands-on experience of undertaking Data Science in a commercial or applied RD environment and that you are comfortable working on client sites as part of an Embedded team. You must also have excellent client-handling skills, be a fluent communicator in written and spoken English and be able to work with a diverse range of client staff from recent graduates through to senior management. Their hands-on Data Scientists are highly skilled at deriving insight from large, complex, data sets using a range of different platforms and technologies. They work in languages such as R and Python and work with both structured and unstructured data sets. Normally, their Data Scientists work as part of a multi-disciplinary, agile, team that also includes Business Analysts, Data Engineers and Data Visualisation SMEs. Their strategic Data Science role holders must also be able to undertake hands-on Data Science investigations but, in addition, must have direct experience of designing, building and/or operating a Data Science service, such as a laboratory or similar team/capability. These roles often involve liaison with very senior client stakeholders and require exceptional strategy and technology foresight skills. You will normally have a minimum of 8-10 years experience in Data Science to be considered, although this is not an essential requirement of the post. It is, however, an essential requirement that you have previously worked on at least one Data Science capability definition/delivery project, as outlined above. Please note also that you must be willing to work up to 4 days per week on one or more of our clients sites as part of this role and we are not able to guarantee from the outset at which client site you will be based. We will, of course, do all we can to locate our staff in their preferred location(s), but you must be prepared to travel to, and work, in UK locations. Essential requirements 3 years hands-on Data Science experience in a commercial environment (for all customer-facing roles) Broad understanding and experience of ML and AI principles (key assumptions and benefits of ML and AI; algorithm types; experiment design; limitations of ML and AI etc) Confident ML software coding skills (preferably in Python, R and SQL) Demonstrable hands-on experience with ML libraries (such as scikitlearn and/or TensorFlow) Strong in statistical data analysis (eg for data visualisation, data insights and feature engineering) Passion for Data Science, actively seeking out opportunities for learning and development. Confident in working autonomously and as part of a multidisciplinary team Fluent communicator in both written and spoken English, with an engaging personality and a professional, yet approachable, style Excellent presentation and report-writing skills Strong client-handling skills, able to deal maturely with client requests and challenges A Masters degree in maths, physics, computer science or other highly numerate discipline from a leading university In-depth experience in one or more of the following areas: Machine Learning/Deep Learning Information retrieval Text mining Neural networks Bayesian models Graph theory Natural language processing (NLP) Recommendation engines If you are interested in finding out more about this position please apply online."	"London, England, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £85k"	"Be-IT Resourcing"	"Alastair Philp"	"JS"	"28/11/2018 12:33:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkYQv"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Engineers/Scientists - SQL, Hadoop, Data Warehousing"	"£30k - £75k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineers/Scientists - SQL, Hadoop, Data Warehousing"	"London - £30k - £75k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Data Engineers - Permanent - London & South West Regions - Excellent SalaryPractitioners will have experience of acquiring, cleansing and transforming data sets to increase the value that can be gained from them. Will enjoy working in an in an innovation context and will usually have experience of open source tools. Experience in big data, linked data, Scala and data stream processing is desirable.Key Responsibilities: Our Data Engineering team works across the following disciplines:Data Analysis/ModellingDeveloping Proofs of conceptData Science - Python, SQL, HadoopBusiness IntelligenceData VisualisationData WarehousingSkills/Experience:Information ManagementContent ManagementData engineeringData VisualisationData Architecture (including security architecture)Linked Data (or the semantic web)Business Intelligence and Decision Support toolsCollaboration ServicesContent AnalyticsStream processingRECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you £300!You will be required to hold a minimum of DV/SC or willing to undergo. If you do not hold an active DV/SC or willing to undergo please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying.Hit the 'Apply now' button to apply and to discuss this role further. We will be delighted to hear from you!(c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2018."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£30k - £75k per annum"	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Lauren Gallagher "	"JS-DATENG"	"29/11/2018 13:59:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjC8"	NA	NA	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."
"Data Engineer - Python"	"£450 - £500 per Day"	"Twickenham"	"Contract"	"Data Engineer - Python"	"Twickenham - £450 - £500 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"We are working with an exciting start up is looking to hire a Data Engineer to help develop their cutting edge data platform.They are looking for someone who can build data hungry applications using Python and has a good understanding of design patterns which relate to large scale data processing in a distributed environment. You will help deliver a data infrastructure architecture plan to support their capabilities for years to come. You will be working closely with the data science team to help understand the platforms which their models/algorithms are running on so they can get the most out of them.They operate in an AWS environment (Redshift).Key skills:- Experience building data pipelines using Python- Integration with 3rd party vendors- Datamodelling- AWS - Redshift- Work closely with Data Scientists and help productionise their codeAustin Fraser is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Twickenham, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£450 - £500 per Day"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Sam Walters "	"JS-BBBH68185"	"28/11/2018 10:12:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWla"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Big Data Scientist"	"Market related"	"London"	"Contract"	"Big Data Scientist"	"London - Market related"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Currently Templeton & Partners is looking for an Experienced Big Data Scientist to join one of our international clients for a position in London, UK of 6 months with option of extension.The Task Templeton & Partners is looking for a strong communicative Big Data Scientist. In this role as you will design and develop analytical approaches based on product concepts, going all the way from feasibility checks to proof-of-concepts to prototypes to implementation in end-to-end solutions. You will closely collaborate with machine learning engineers/software engineers on creating data-driven end-to-end solutions. Some of your key activities will include:Provide guidance and leadership to non-Senior Data Scientists in your workstream.Actively share Data Science knowledge within Technology and Data network.Present Data Science capabilities in client-facing situations, at conferences and in workshops.Our client is looking for you to have experience and skills in:Expert knowledge of Python programming, including Spark.Solid skills with regard to working in Big Data environments (eg, Cloudera Hadoop, Hortonworks Data Platform, AWS EMR, Map/Reduce, Hive).Expert knowledge of the constantly evolving Data Science ecosystem and its frameworks (eg, Hadoop, Spark MLlib, H2O, Tensorflow, Torch, Theano).Database handling, in particular SQL, NoSQL.Experience with these skills are preferred:Knowledge of optimization and/or machine learning algorithms and/or deep learning algorithms.Why Should You Apply?Becoming part of a highly motivated team.Being part of a large multinational company.Being able to improve your technological skills hands on.We very much look forward to receiving your application, and will be in touch promptly to discuss in more detail."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Market related"	"Templeton and Partners"	"Loet Grubben"	"JSL19"	"03/12/2018 16:05:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRCm"	NA	NA	NA
"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Ai, AR, VR, Hadoop, Scala"	"£550 - £625 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Ai, AR, VR, Hadoop, Scala"	"London - £550 - £625 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Advantage Resourcing have a fantastic contract opportunity for an AI Engineer - Computer Vision (AR/VR) to work with our client, a global Oil & Gas company at their Canary Wharf offices. This is a contract is starting ASAP for an initial 12 months duration. The role is paying £550 - 625 per day. The role: The AI Engineer role supports the Data Engineer Team Lead in building a platform to train and fine tune deep learning algorithms developed by Data Science Team. You will build an AR/VR application to use in cutting edge computer vision projects. In this role, you will report into the Data Engineer Lead. *You will support Requirement Definition enhancements *Build and Develop a platform for training and computer vision based on Deep learning *Leverage Big Data skills such as Spark in building a data platform *Assure the quality of the delivery of advanced analytics *Develop products that can be easily scaled, replicated and reused *Understand current state-of-the-art, developments and practical applications of Computer vision in industry, technology vendors, academia and open source libraries to ensure that PoCs are both leveraging the best algorithms and technology solutions and are grounded in what is realistically achievable. *Partner and instill learnings and best practice across Digital within the business. *Carry out detailed technical architecture and system design, documenting requirements capture and design as appropriate. Must have skills: *Ability to write clean, elegant and maintainable production-level code *Hadoop based big data frameworks experience *Spark experience *ne of Programming Languages - Scala, Python *RDBMS with SQL Server preferred *No SQL and in-memory databases *You will have deep experience in developing Big Data solution, using standard open source frameworks, toolkits and libraries *You will have a solid experience in developing solution using Spark and Databricks*You will have a solid experience developing solution deployed on edge devices/Servers *You will have solid experience in developing cloud solutions using Azure.Desirable skills: *Dashboard and reports using Sport Fire*OpenCV*Understanding of CNN in deep learning *Source control using GIT/VSTS*Rest API using Python/ScalaSubmit your CV now to be considered for this fantastic contract opportunity to work with one of the world's largest Oil & Gas companies in an exciting digital innovation area. This project area is exciting and cutting edge. Matthew Jones is the consultant managing this assignment. Due to the high volume of applications received, feedback cannot always be given. Advantage Resourcing is a service driven recruitment consultancy."	"London, UK"	"IT, Energy"	"ASAP"	"£550 - £625 per Day"	"Advantage Resourcing"	"Advantage Resourcing "	"JS-ADVEU_820292"	"28/11/2018 17:35:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkbBK"	"12 months"	NA	NA
"Graduate Data Analyst - Banking"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Data Analyst - Banking"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Data Analyst - Investment Banking - LondonThe OpportunityAre you a lover of technology with a passion for utilising the power of data in business?At MThree we pair talented graduates with leading global businesses. We're on the hunt for ambitious grads to join the MThree Alumni Graduate Programme for our September/October intake.Our 24-month graduate development programme begins with 3 weeks of intensive training and career coaching, where you'll learn everything you need to hit the ground running as a Data Analyst.Specifically, we are currently hiring for an individual who will have the opportunity to work with a leading Investment Bank. What You'll Need2:1 degree in STEM subject Excellent analytical and numeracy skillsStrong written and verbal communication skillsA motivated, self-starter attitudeEagerness to learn and develop new skills. What You'll LearnKnowledge of the Investment Banking industryData science and analysis techniquesBusiness Intelligence tools and techniquesAdvanced SQL, Python, R, Excel, VBA Macros, Tabluea  What You'll ReceiveFully-paid, in-depth and interactive training with a diverse group of like-minded graduates, delivered by experts with working knowledge of the fieldA competitive graduate salary, with:Pay reviews every six monthsA flexible benefits package including gym membershipOngoing training and pastoral care throughout the 24-month programmeInvaluable industry experience and the opportunity to start a career in a desirable and competitive industryWhat You'll DoIf successful, you'll work with one of our clients as a Data Analyst, using your newly acquire Data Analysis skills to measure the performance of the organisation's customer data and website activity, and identify, test and quantify improvements to products that will genuinely benefit their customer base.  About MThree AlumniMThree arms global banks and enterprises with the skills and expertise they need to meet their most complex business and technology challenges. Since 2010, we've helped organisations deliver key technology projects with expert consultancy across risk and compliance, application support and software development, vendor products and cyber and information security.This is underpinned by our 24-month Alumni Graduate Programme, which bridges the gap between academic life and corporate culture by helping talented graduates build on formal qualifications with technology training and career coaching that prepares them for a fast-paced start to their career with our client base. Today, with over 500 consultants deployed on client sites globally and presence in London, New York, Paris, Singapore, Johannesburg, Montreal and Hong Kong, we're a trusted partner to global organisations committed to upscaling their tech teams and deliver innovative technology services.MThree supports graduate development at all levels irrespective of gender, race, ethnicity, religion, disability or sexual orientation. MThree is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and runs regular diversity events and initiatives to attract the best graduate talent spanning all backgrounds.Data Analyst - Investment Banking -London"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"MThree Consulting"	"Frederick Green"	"JSLT/-DS1000"	"28/11/2018 17:16:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkas2"	NA	"Graduate"	NA
"Data Lead"	"£450 - £550 per day"	"Edinburgh"	"Contract"	"Data Lead"	"Edinburgh - £450 - £550 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"The successful candidate will be coming in to lead and manage the development of a new AI and ML framework. They do not need to be a data scientist as such, but they do need to be from a data background and have a familiarity with relevant technologies (R, Python, chatbots). This area of the organisation is trying to implement an AI/ML framework as well as encourage best practices and process that can be used consistently across the wider company, rather than just the CoE.Aspects of the job are as follows:Managing pieces of work from a development perspective, estimation process, confirm design and development solutions, managing development team's capacity versus requirements, do costing, utilise skills in the team both on and off shore, drive documentation, guide developers activity and manage streams simultaneously.The right candidate will be from a development background (data), ideally with some form of exposure to data science, they will be able to lead change development across the full life cycle, manage teams off and on shore, be a strong stakeholder manager and be able to clearly articulate technical requirements to the business.It will be based in Edinbugrh but may also be able to offer 2 days per week WFH.If this sounds of interest, please do apply to this advert and more information may be shared.Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV.Hudson is part of Morgan Philips Group and is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.We are committed to ensuring that all job applicants are treated equally, without discrimination because of gender, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, gender reassignment, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, disability or age."	"Edinburgh, UK"	"IT"	"January 2019"	"£450 - £550 per day"	"Hudson IT (Scotland)"	"Joel Dickie "	"JS-UK773570"	"03/12/2018 16:45:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRk8"	"6 months +"	NA	NA
"Lead Data Scientist, Supply Chain, Python, Data, Modelling"	"£350 - £500 per Day"	"Kingston upon Thames, Surrey"	"Contract"	"Lead Data Scientist, Supply Chain, Python, Data, Modelling"	"Kingston upon Thames, Surrey - £350 - £500 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Lead Data Scientist- Agile, Supply Chain, Python, Data, ModellingMy industry leading client based in Kingston is looking for an experienced Data Scientist for an initial 6 month contract with the view to extendKey accountabilities:Work with the Supply Chain lead and market teams to fully understand the business problems and how to deliver relevant insights that lead to actions.Gather data and build machine learning models to solve advanced forecasting problems requiring predictive and/or prescriptive analyticsGuide the work of 3rd party vendors, ensuring optimal delivery while creating IP and capabilitySupport product teams scaling models into low-touch solutions to provide optimal ROI from data science.Key Skills RequiredMachine learning forecasting techniquesStatistical modellingOperational research and supply chainOptimisation techniquesManipulating multi-source dataPython coding and R Fully OperationalCloud architecture (preferably MS Azure) Working KnowledgeSimulation packages eg Anylogic Working KnowledgeDistributed computing (Hadoop, Spark) Working Knowledge7+ years' work experience in a data science role with significant focus on Supply Chain applicationsExperience managing input from 3rd party vendorsExperience working with software development teams to convert modelling approaches into scalable toolsAbility to apply an agile analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precisionLead Data Scientist, Agile, Supply Chain, Python, Data, Modelling, Lead Data Scientist, Agile, Supply Chain, Python, Data, Modelling, Lead Data Scientist, Agile, Supply Chain, Python, Data, Modelling"	"Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£350 - £500 per Day"	"Reed Technology"	"Rob Stapel "	"JS-77994"	"28/11/2018 16:56:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkak9"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Data Engineer"	""	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Data Engineer"	"City of London"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Data EngineerI have a contract data engineer position to work for a retail client based in London. The client is fast growing predominately online business with huge amounts of data.They are investing heavily in their data analytic team to ensure they are utilising their date to maximum capacity.Due to this they require experience data engineers to work on data pipelines to ensure quality data is always available.They operate on a Google Cloud platform and use Python. These two skills are essential.Must have;PythonGoogle Cloud Platform (GCP)Experience bridging the data science and data engineering teams.Advantageous to have any data science, ML or software experience.If you are interested in this position, please apply to the position with an updated CV and I will be in touch.Real Staffing, a trading division of SThree Partnership LLP is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy| Registered office | London, EC4N 7BE, United Kingdom | Partnership Number | OC387148 England and Wales"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"3/1/2019"	NA	"Real Staffing Group"	"Simon Cafferkey "	"JS-HA-33036649"	"28/11/2018 11:46:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXfT"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Product Manager - IAM"	""	"Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Product Manager - IAM"	"Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"About The Identity and Access Management TeamThe Identity and Access Management (IAM) team operates within our Technology Security Programme team. The team is made up of Product Managers, Engineers, Data Analysts and Operations Engineers working across the Tesco group to develop and deploy new IAM capabilities.The team covers all aspects of managing access and identity from joiners, movers and leavers to entitlement reviews and access requests. Our goal is to ensure that managing access in line with our policy requirements is as simple as possible. We're thinking a little differently about IAM, utilising automation and data science to reduce the cost and effort of managing access for our 500,000 colleagues.PackageWe offer excellent benefits that help make Tesco a great place to work. These include but aren't limited to:* An annual bonus scheme which you can achieve up to 3.5% of base salary . Colleague Clubcard (including a 2nd card for a family member) after 6 months service with 10% off most purchases at Tesco . Holiday starting at 25 days plus a personal day . A retirement savings plan - 4%-7.5% contribution rate . Life Assurance - 5 x contractual pay . Buy As You Earn Scheme . Save As You Earn Scheme . Deals & Discounts through Tesco including Tesco Mobile & Tesco Bank . Deals and Discounts through many other external businessesMain ResponsibilitiesThe Role - Product Manager - Identity and Access ManagementWhilst specific responsibilities will be dependent upon the changing needs of the Tesco business, the following provides an overview of the role's key responsibilities and measures:* Build relationships with key stakeholders to understand current Identity life cycle (joiners, leavers) processes across our business and define requirements for/implement new features working alongside them working within our Information Security policies. . Work closely with the engineering team to define and refine requirements & acceptance criteria for new Identity/Access Management processes to ensure quality of development . Coordinate with other Technology teams (for example, Active Directory and application teams) where required to deliver roadmap items. . Help to prioritise the backlog and plan the IAM feature roadmap in order to meet team OKR goals. . Work alongside the Access Control team to understand improvement opportunities in existing features. . Develop and own plans to pilot & rollout new processes and features, working with affected stakeholders across our business units to ensure understanding and provide support. . Develop roles based access control (RBAC) models to increase the efficiency and auditability of access control. . Track performance against key KPIs . Removes impediments and ensures that the right product is delivered . Help others across the organization . This role will best suit an individual who enjoys working as part of a team, is well organised, pragmatic and a lateral thinker with an inquisitive mind who is motivated to make change for the better and most importantly, puts our customers first.Ideal CandidateKey Skills and ExperienceYou'll need to have demonstrated experience of:* Working as part of an Identity and Access Management implementation delivery team within a complex business environment, preferably with an international scope. . Experience designing business processes- Lean Six Sigma a plus. . Experience of managing process change & training of impacted colleagues. . Articulating a complex product strategy in terms of risk reduction and business value. . Experience and understanding of delivering agile product to deliver change quickly at a global scale. . Excellent verbal and written communication skills - you must be able to articulate complex concepts to a diverse audience. . The ability to influence without authority. . Bachelors degree or demonstrable experience required advanced degree a plus. "	"Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Tesco"	"Tesco"	"JS2597134/575796096"	"03/12/2018 15:57:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQQ4"	NA	NA	NA
"Head of Engineering"	"£150k - £250k per annum"	"London"	"Contract"	"Head of Engineering"	"London - £150k - £250k per annum"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"An understanding of how to do development in the cloud (AWS a plus), and the services available. Experience in a hybrid of on-prem and cloud is a plusExperience of leading digital data teams using Adobe or related technologies.A clear understanding of Information Architecture and solution design.A strong user and advocate of continuous integration (CI, Jenins a plus), continuous deployment and test driven developmentA deep understanding and experience of using a mix of delivery methodologies including Agile, Scrum and Waterfall deliveryA broad understanding of the applications of data from reporting through to data scienceAllegis Group Limited operates as an Employment Business and Employment Agency as set out in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003. It is a company within the Allegis group of companies, the fourth largest staffing group in the world, (collectively referred to as the \"Allegis Group\"). TEKsystems, Aston Carter and Aerotek are trading names of Allegis Group Limited. If you apply, your personal data will be processed as described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice available on the website. Please note when you give us your data, we will share it within Allegis Group and this involves the transfer of such data outside the European Economic Area, subject to the protections described in the Allegis Group Online Privacy Notice."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£150k - £250k per annum"	"TEKsystems"	"Thomas Duggan "	"JS-BDDM"	"27/11/2018 18:07:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRM5"	"6 Months"	"Executive"	NA
"Data Analyst - Technology Company"	"Markets Rate"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Analyst - Technology Company"	"London - Markets Rate"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Data Analyst- Technology Company An exciting opportunity exists for a data analyst at a leading technology company. Our client is currently going through a rapid growth phase due to the popularity of their media platforms. As their markets expand, x2 Data Analyst's are required to provide data reporting and use a data-led approach to support the development of the platforms. Job Type: Permanent Location: London Your Role: As the data analyst, you will be responsible for delivering insightful reporting and support the Head of the Projects. You will be exposed to fundamental data science which you will use along with the company's data to thoroughly understand their markets. Key Responsibilities: Perform ad-hoc analysis for the new markets department Using advanced computerised models to extract the data needed Performing initial analysis to assess the quality of the data Undertake data led business case modelling to support change/improvement across test areas, for example playback Identify risks/lessons learnt and make suggestions and recommendations for improvement based on own experiences Using data tools to monitor performance and forecast KPI's Key Requirements: A minimum of a 2:1 bachelor's degree in a STEM subject 18 months+ experience in Datamodelling, reporting or data management Working knowledge of a visualisation tool eg Tableau or Power BI Comfortable working with data across a range of sources, shapes and sizes, and you are confident turning this into quality information Ability to perform data mining, blending large datasets and transforming it as needed Ability to stay on top of current business and industry trends around data prep and visualization technologies Strong delivery capability - able to get things done, and perform under pressure Leadership skills preferred - able to set direction, build capability, and rally people to a cause Strong communication, influencing and stakeholder management skills If this sounds like an opportunity you are interested in, apply now for an immediate review!"	"London, UK"	"IT, Media"	"January 2019"	"Markets Rate"	"Cloudstream"	"Honey Hassan"	"JSDA"	"28/11/2018 17:42:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkbGf"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - London"	"£700 - £850 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - London"	"London - £700 - £850 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Python/R/ML - 6 month contract - Global IT Consultancy - London An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Data Scientist to join a global IT consultancy who are looking to build out their AI practice in London. This is an initial 6 month contract with great potential to extend.This is a fantastic opportunity to join a data science practice which will soon be recognised as one of the leaders within this space. Rather than just building PoCs you will be able to take advantage of the enormous data sets and build actual machine learning products from inception through to deployment and production.Essential RequirementsMSc degree or equivalent in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or similar quantitative disciplineProficiency in Python (or R) and SQL, and experience in developing and deploying models to a production system or commercial useDevelopment knowledge in Java (or Scala)Hands-on skills in machine learning techniques with demonstration in academic publications and/or online competitions like KDD-Cup, Kaggle etc.Familiar with one or more machine learning algorithms: content/collaborative filtering, NLP, non-linear/deep regressions, boosted trees, ensembles etc.Thorough understanding of full modelling process: exploratory data analysis, feature engineering/selection, multi-layer cross validationsExperience in developing prediction models in E-commerce or digital marketingA good understanding of statistics (eg, hypothesis testing, non-parametric methods)Ability to work collaboratively and proactively in a fast-paced environment interacting with both a non-technical and technical audiencesKnowledge of big data systems and NoSQL databasesPreferable qualifications and skill setA PhD in a quantitative subjectExperiences with big data frameworks ie Spark, Hadoop, Kafka etc.Previous experience with recommender systemsCommercial mindset and interest in digital and web contentA hacker's mentality to problem solvingComfortable in using open source technologiesInterest in keeping up with state-of-the-art machine learning by attending and submitting papers to relevant conferencesKnowledge or experience in developing/deploying to AWS or AzureEmpiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT, Retail, Consulting"	"17/12/2018"	"£700 - £850 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-DS 1"	"30/11/2018 17:34:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkqvn"	"6 months"	"Executive"	NA
"Data Scientist, 12 month contract, up to £600 PD, London"	"£450 - £600 per day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist, 12 month contract, up to £600 PD, London"	"London - £450 - £600 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"My client in London is looking for a Data Scientist. This is a 12 month contract paying up to £600 per day working for a Media company.Concrete tasks will include:Design and develop analytical approaches based on product concepts, going all the way from feasibility checks to proof-of-concepts to prototypes to implementation in end-to-end solutionsClosely collaborate with machine learning engineers/software engineers on creating data-driven end-to-end solutions for marketersActively share Data Science knowledge within the companies Technology and Data networkWe look for a profile with complementary skills, such as:MUST HAVEExpert knowledge of Python programming, including pySparkStrong statistical modelling skills/knowledge on predictive analytics would be a plusSolid skills with regard to working in Big Data environments (eg, Cloudera Hadoop, Hortonworks Data Platform, AWS EMR, Map/Reduce, Hive) NICE TO HAVEAdvanced knowledge of the constantly evolving Data Science ecosystem and its frameworks (eg, Hadoop, Spark MLlib, H2O, Tensorflow, Torch, Theano)Basic skills with regard to performance optimisation and scalability (eg, pluralisation, code optimisation, containerisation, function as a service)Experience in working with relational and non-relational databases, including SQLJob reference: SC3127- 281118"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£450 - £600 per day"	"Alexander Ash Consulting Ltd"	"Samuel Coker "	"JS-SC3127- 281118"	"28/11/2018 08:32:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVvM"	"12 months"	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £650 - £800 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Contract RequirementLead Data ScientistCurrently seeking an innovative Data Scientist to work for a globally renowned Asset Management organisation. This opportunity is to help build and be part some of the biggest projects within the Asset and Wealth management industry.This organisation recognises that the in order for them to grow they must use the latest technologies to innovate and build a truly unique data system. You will play an instrumental part in delivering the data science function of the business, working closely with various stakeholders and liaising with the engineering teams closely. You will be leveraging data from various sources and enhancing processes to genuinely help their customers benefit from the organisation.We are seeking candidates who are creative and drive new technical ideas into the industry.Required skills:Strong statistical knowledge is an asset for this positionStrong Python or R programming skills are a must for the roleStake holder managementExperience of working on open sourced Servers including LinuxExperience working on open-source distributed general-purpose cluster-computing frameworks including SparkAbility to build statistical inference models using Bayesian methodologiesLocation: LondonDuration: 6 monthsRate: £650 - £800 per DayHow to Apply: If you want to work with passionate individuals and be part of a business critical team then this is the opportunity for you. Alternatively if you have a friend or colleague that may be suitable please pass on my details. Successful referrals will be rewarded. To discuss this in more detail please send your CV to: Ryan Baker | (see below) Empiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil & Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry & Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over 150 global corporations. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£650 - £800 per Day"	"Empiric Solutions"	"Empiric "	"JS-01375"	"29/11/2018 13:59:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjC4"	"6 months"	"Executive"	NA
"Data Engineer - AWS, Python & Java"	"£70k - £85k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineer - AWS, Python & Java"	"City of London - £70k - £85k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Do you love working with incredibly smart people who inspire you to be better and work harder every day?Do you want to join a high growth business and work with some of the worlds biggest data sets?Client DetailsOur client is the leader in the market leader in their field, rapidly expanding their UK office. They We thrive on mind-bending technical challenges.DescriptionThe Data Engineer works within the data science product team, helping to design and build new components of our Client's product. The work is varied and project based and will require wide technical experience. The data engineer will turn business problems into technical requirements and will lead the architecture of solutions alongside hands on software development. The developer will be responsible for delivering end to end solutions, incorporating analytical logic, data pipeline and data visualisation.Profile- MUST have experience architecting systems in either AWS OR GCP.- MUST have experience coding in Python as most of what they do is written in Python.- MUST have experience creating APIs.- MUST in addition be proficient in one compiled language ideally Java or possibly C#/C/C++/Haskell/Go.Job OfferWorking on mind bending technical challenges alongside a close knit Data Science team.Excellent salary £70K-£85K"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £85k per annum"	"Michael Page Technology"	"Shak Shakir "	"JS-13937514/001"	"30/11/2018 15:30:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqMN"	NA	NA	NA
"Principal Data Architect | SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Storm, AWS, Azure"	"110k + Exceptional Benefits"	"Central London"	"Permanent"	"Principal Data Architect | SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Storm, AWS, Azure"	"Central London - 110k + Exceptional Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	" BACKGROUND  This is a newly-created role to join a global corporation with over 100,000 employees.  Data Analytics is a new discipline in the Technical and Sustainability function of the organisation. The work of the discipline is aimed at better leveraging their data to deliver new insights, value, and smarter ways of working from discovery to market.  PURPOSE  The new role will lead the Data Architecture activities and set the vision for the use of data across all Data and Analytics initiatives. Engage senior business stakeholders and IM teams to develop a view of data, that represent the business requirements and business processes across the group. The Datamodelling team will play a key part in how data is sourced, stored and presented to a wide variety of stakeholders. These stakeholders include the Data Science, Application Development and Data Lake product teams. These models will be key in managing the integrity of the entire Anglo American data lake and down stream users. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Architecting, designing, and conceptually, logically, and physically modelling data that exists in source systems, data lakes, data warehouses, and data marts supporting the Big Data Hadoop ecosystem. Develop data management framework that governs logical data storage, lineage, quality, life cycle management. utilization (incl. charge back), documentation and lineage of the loosely coupled data. Define the data architecture and structures that will be exposed to \"customers\" Responsible for providing technical guidance and leadership for data management, data quality and the business reporting function including data warehouse.  REQUIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE Technical Skill Requirements: Strong experience of Datamodelling 5+ years of experience in both traditional and modern data architecture and processing concepts, including relational databases (eg, SQL Server, MySQL, DB2, Oracle), Data warehousing, big data (Hadoop, Spark, Storm), NoSQL. Working knowledge with AGILE development, SCRUM and Application Lifecycle Management  Understanding of configuration management and DevOps (eg GitLab, Jenkins etc) Working knowledge of Cloud delivered big data technologies Demonstrable hands on experience implementing Big Data and Hadoop-based design patterns solutions using Microsoft Azure or AWS Experience of unstructured and semi-structured big data, including spatial Understanding and knowledge of Real Time/stream analytics trends  Functional Skill Requirements Strong experience of a wide range of Datamodelling techniques for large, scalable, and highly complex data lake projects using cloud-native and open-source platforms and technologies Ability to manage a geographically dispersed team and customer base. Experience of modelling data from a diverse set of source systems and dealing with technical and organisational complexity. Experience of modelling data related to GeoSpatial and Point Cloud Experience of Agile development "	"Central London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"110k + Exceptional Benefits"	"TalentPro Group Ltd"	"Mark Lester-Smith "	"JSPDA"	"27/11/2018 12:03:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPdM"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Senior Python Developer - FinTech - London - Up to £120K"	"£120K + Bens + Bonus"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Python Developer - FinTech - London - Up to £120K"	"London - £120K + Bens + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"My client, a thriving boutique fintech business are looking for a Senior Python Developer with a Front Office background interested in building data analytics and web based applications. You will have experience in developing container frameworks, a track record of data driven development and testing, and strong system building experience leading to the handling Real Time event driven calculations. You will have and outstanding Data Science skills, such as R, Python and Machine Learning and Data Analytics skills. Also, you will have experience of event-driven, Real Time pricing and be interested in data metrics and signalling. Whilst Financial Services experience is nice to have, you will be welcomed if you have genuine Real Time coding work in other sectors. Desirable skills:  Background with multiple asset classes is an advantage Background in/good understanding of trading systems is an advantage Experience using risk and pricing analytics Data Science skills - Python, R and Data Analytics/Machine Learning skills Database experience - KDB, Cassandra and other data technologies To be alert to Conduct Risk issues, specifically the risk of harm to client interests, market integrity and/or competition in financial markets due to inappropriate practices or behaviours across the firm You will be a high-calibre confident individual with the presence of mind and strength of character to work in a demanding environment. A charismatic and confident self-starter, you will be ready for a challenge at this prestigious and venerable company, and have the talent to be a success there. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Immediately"	"£120K + Bens + Bonus"	"The M-Wek Company"	"Robert Lycett "	"JSRJLEBBENS"	"28/11/2018 13:52:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkZbB"	NA	"Graduate, Executive"	NA
"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - AI Engineer"	"Excellent Salary Packages"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Artificial Intelligence Engineer - AI Engineer"	"London - Excellent Salary Packages"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"My client, a Global BIG 4 Consultancy, requires a AI Engineer with experience working on client facing customer sites offering advice, proof-of-values, industrialised solutions and end to end delivery. A extract of the official job spec is as follows. The successful consultant will show experience/exposure in most of the following areas: Detailed knowledge on a range of AI techniques (eg supervised and un-supervised machine learning techniques, deep learning, graph data analytics, statistical analysis, time series, geospatial, NLP, sentiment analysis, pattern detection, etc.) Experience using Python, R or Spark to extract insights from data Knowledge of SQL for accessing and processing data (PostgreSQL preferred but general SQL knowledge more important) Experience using the latest Data Science platforms (eg Databricks, Dataiku, AzureML, SageMaker) and frameworks (eg Tensorflow, MXNet, scikit-learn) Software engineering practices (coding practices to DS, unit testing, version control, code review) Hadoop (especially the Cloudera and Hortonworks distributions), other NoSQL (especially Neo4j and Elastic), and streaming technologies (especially Spark Streaming) Alchemy, spell casting and potion making Deep understanding of data manipulation/wrangling techniques Experience using development and deployment technologies, for instance virtualisation and management (eg Vagrant, Virtualbox), continuous integration tools (eg Jenkins, Concourse, Drone, Bamboo), configuration management tooling (eg Ansible) and containerisation technologies (eg Docker, Kubernetes, Swarm) Delivering insights using visualisation tools or libraries (Javascript preferred) Experience building and deploying solutions to Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) including Cloud provisioning tools (eg Terraform) This is an opportunity to work for one of the biggest technical consultancies in the world, working on cutting edge projects in order for you to continue to grow with \"real world, high profile\" projects. My client will consider a range of grades for this role with exceptional salary packages on offer. They will also guarantee one day working from home, although every application must be available to travel throughout the UK for 4 days per week if necessary. There are multiple base locations to chose from. Interviews to be completed this year with New Year start dates. All AI Engineers must apply with updated CV's to (see below) for immediate response. REF:JS2711_AI."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"January"	"Excellent Salary Packages"	"Intelligent Trust Recruitment Limited"	"Ritchie Morris "	"JS2711_AI"	"27/11/2018 10:21:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkNeK"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking space are looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"03/12/2018 08:19:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GdTdX"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"DevOps Engineer"	"£75k - £90k per annum + Bonus + Excellent Benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"DevOps Engineer"	"City of London - £75k - £90k per annum + Bonus + Excellent Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"DevOps Engineer Are you a DevOps Engineer that wants to use technology to make an impact in the mobile network industry? All whilst being a decision maker regarding tooling and working with the latest technologies including Kubernetes and Docker containers.A DevOps Engineer is needed by a leading mobile network app that is changing the way we monitor our mobile coverage and connectivity and influencing the industry by driving healthy competition and enabling higher quality of service.They collect on-device measurements directly from smartphone users via two apps built in-house as well as through their SDK partnerships program. The apps give users access to speed tests, coverage maps, operator comparisons, mobile and data usage stats, and cell tower locations.As a DevOps Engineer you will be a key decision maker for the tooling used, working in an AWS environment working closely with their developers, engineering and data science teams to set up CI/CD pipelines automating the way new features are released.They see Kubernetes as the future of deployment and already have several internal products on it, they will support you to become the expert of Kubernetes, having a big input into the initial discovery phase/proof of concept that they build.The successful DevOps Engineer will have:Strong Linux backgroundStrong working knowledge of writing Python scripts to streamline workflow of codeConfident building deployment CI/CD pipelines in JenkinsHave worked in an 'infrastructure as code' environment: Terraform, AnsibleComfortable working very closely with developersAn interest in Kubenretes - have you thought about the benefits of this technology?Good cloud background - preferably AWSThis is a great position for a DevOps engineer to work in a company in a rapidly scaling industry, no red tape, you will have significant autonomy in a cool international environment that is always looking to implement new tech and you'll be able to increase your skill set throughout your time here.The benefits are great too with a minimum 5% salary bonus, remote work, flexible working, cycle to work scheme, company shares and more. If you want to work for an organisation where you can make a massive impact, APPLY NOWTalent Point is a Hiring Communications business, working as sole hiring partners with our customer. We've ripped up the rules and torn apart the job spec for the DevOps Engineer to give you total clarity and visibility, painting a vivid picture (approved twice, both at Line and C-level) of the way this company lives, breathes and behaves, and how your role will look over years not months. We present only three applicants for every vacancy so, where we do represent you, you have a very high chance of securing a role with pre-booked interview times to plan around, in-depth vacancy details and no delays. Are you ready to seriously invest in your progression? Let's design your future. Talent Point is an equal opportunities employer and no terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation or any other class protected by applicable law.DevOps Engineer - Python/AWS/Jenkins/Kubernetes/Docker"	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£75k - £90k per annum + Bonus + Excellent Benefits"	"Talent Point Ltd"	"William Ife "	"JS-WI-OSLD2"	"30/11/2018 13:02:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqAC"	NA	NA	NA
"Security Consultant"	""	"South West England"	"Permanent"	"Security Consultant"	"South West England"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Security Consultant - Permanent - South West - Excellent SalaryIn this Security role you'll be given the opportunity to work on some of the most interesting challenges and programmes in the sector.You will be trusted to work across the whole development life cycle for clients, offering a rare opportunity to gain broad experiences with a range of world class organisations and institutions.We are looking for dynamic, motivated and ambitious people with a passion for consulting. In return we offer fantastic progression, job satisfaction, excellent rates of pay, performance related bonus and all the benefits and security that you get for working for a fantastic company.Position Requirements:  Security expertise and experience in one of the following areas;business analysisbusiness changedata scienceenterprise cloud architectureHuman Resources (HR)LEAN six sigmaSolution architectureA proven track record of advising clients and delivering transformational change in the sectorKnowledge of the major challenges facing organisations in the sectorExcellent communication and interpersonal skillsAbility to problem solve and wider consulting skillsBenefits package:Private medical insuranceTransport allowance25 days annual leave with the opportunity to buy 5 additional daysCompany pension schemeAnnual performance-based bonusLife and Income protection insuranceTax efficient benefits (cycle to work, give as you earn, childcare benefits)Voluntary benefits (Dental, critical illness, spouse/partner life assurance)"	"South West England, UK"	"Military"	"ASAP"	NA	"Datasource Computer Employment"	"Chris Smith "	"JS-J7066SW"	"28/11/2018 14:33:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkZzO"	NA	NA	"About Datasource Computer EmploymentDV & SC Security Cleared IT & Engineering specialists supplying HMG, Defence & MoD customers along with IT Consultancies, Banks, Automotive, Aerospace & Naval Engineering companies throughout the UK."
"Data Scientist"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London - £60k - £100k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Senior Data Scientist - Investment BankingA leading Investment Bank who are looking to expand their Digital Global Transaction Banking teamare looking to add a Data Scientist to the team.The Global Transaction Banking organisation is investing in an important step change in managing and leveraging data to accelerate the business into the digital era. Data will play a significant role in building out future digital applications with the aim to utilise the latest analytics, machine learning and AI capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Building data products utilising agile development frameworks, delivering value quickly and continuously, and above all build products that solve customer problemsIdentifying and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning models to enhance business performanceBuilding key relationships with internal business partners to facilitate agile data application product developmentBuilding and championing analytics, data science and reporting best practice frameworksArchitect and rapidly build cost effective proof of concepts/Minimum Viable Products to test commercial opportunity for new applications of data productsResearching new concepts and applications for data products and technology which will provide commercial value or efficiency benefitsWorking with senior stakeholders to understand and translate technical business requirements and applications that would benefit Deutsche Bank into working prototypesMentoring and training peers on building practical data applications and show their benefits Skills & Qualifications:Have hands on experience working with big data platforms and associated products (not just a theoretical understanding) such as hive, impala, oozie, Spark, neo4j etcHave a strong programming with big data foundation- including Python, Scala, Java or C++, R and SQLHave hands on experience in data analysis and science, with a good understanding of data-mining, machine-learning and other data science techniques and applications, including prediction, optimisation, classification, anomaly detection and text analyticsUnderstand the model build life cycle, including feature selection and optimisation, model selection and validation, and ongoing model maintenanceMust have a firm grasp of statistical techniques for analysis, including, distributions, testing methodologies, probability theory etcHands on experience data mining and querying using SQL and/or Spark using large and complex structured and unstructured data setsAbility to deliver high quality data visualisations that capture the essence of the insight in the simplest way, through Tableau, Qlikview or equivalent data visualisation toolsHave a good understanding of software engineering principles and agile delivery methodologiesDefine data quality process and frameworks to demonstrate and ensure a good quality data pipeline. Familiar with data quality process and vendor tools"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£60k - £100k per annum"	"ThomsonKeene"	"Jack Cannell "	"JS-9911"	"03/12/2018 08:19:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GcyEg"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Data Lake Lead - Data Warehouse - Azure Data Factory - Agile"	"£90,000 - £100,000 + Amazing Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Lake Lead - Data Warehouse - Azure Data Factory - Agile"	"London - £90,000 - £100,000 + Amazing Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Data Lake Lead - Data Warehouse - Azure Data Factory - Agile - £90,000 - £100,000 + Amazing BenefitsA world leading Ecommerce Company is looking to hire a Platform Lead who has rich experience working in Data with proven experience in designing, developing and supporting a Data Lake solution. You will be responsible for leading the data lake solutions including the design, development, planning and delivery of the solution.The successful Platform Lead will have the following experience:Experience of the design, development and operation of the Data Lake platformExperience working in a mobile focused E-commerce environment and an understanding of data principles, data culture, Data Lake and Data Science technologies and processesDrive day to day operations, monitoring and maintained of the platform to ensure reliability, predictability of the platformScale and grow the talent within the data capabilityHas strong knowledge of agile best practicesMust have strong knowledge of either AWS, AZURE, Goolge Cloud etcBenefitsFlexible working hoursFlexible work from homeWorking for an award winning business that offers an award winning cultureBonus of 20%26 days holiday + BHPrivate healthcarePensionTo apply, please send your CV to Tom HurleyData Lake Lead - Data Warehouse - Azure Data Factory - Agile - £90,000 - £100,000 + Amazing Benefits"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£90,000 - £100,000 + Amazing Benefits"	"Resource Solutions - Method Resourcing"	"Tom Hurley"	"JS-TH/PL"	"30/11/2018 16:50:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqkY"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Python DevOps Engineer Contract Role in Sheffield!"	"Market"	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire"	"Contract"	"Python DevOps Engineer Contract Role in Sheffield!"	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire - Market"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"My customer is looking for 2 Python DevOps Engineers to work on a 6 month project in Sheffield. Job Description  Experience of developing and managing analytics solutions, ideally in Anaconda; Enterprise edition preferred (but not essential).  Exposure to managing open source repositories from external sources in a secure and approved way  Some knowledge of managing Data Science solutions in a Dev Ops Pipeline, considering deployment; ideally with exposure to tools such as Jenkins and Jira  Data science tooling experience, with an understanding of available python libraries and their implementation, preferably with an analytics background or similar.  Awareness of cloud technologies in AWS and/or GCP, and their use within data science and machine learning  Experience working in relevant environment/s, ie Anaconda, Python 2.7 and Python 3.5, R, Repository management  Ideally with Exposure to Docker or other related container technologies  Systems Implementation experience preferable, but not essential  Start: AsapLocation: Sheffield Duration: 6 months If you are interested or available please send me your most up-to date CV in a Word format and I will call you to discuss it further."	"Sheffield, South Yorkshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Market"	"Linksap Europe Ltd"	"Owen Richardson"	"JSLINKOREWPYTHON"	"03/12/2018 14:22:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP3d"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Chief Data Scientist (Python, Machine Learning)"	"£500 - £600 per day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Chief Data Scientist (Python, Machine Learning)"	"London - £500 - £600 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Chief Data Scientist (Python, Machine Learning) is required by a large entertainment sector company to create a recommendation engine based on Machine Learning technologies.Required experience and skills:software development experience including PythonMachine Learning using Tensorflow or similarexperience in architecting and developing recommendation engines will be beneficialcreative approach and analytical skillsstrong mathematical skillsexcellent communication and client facing skillsexperience in leading and managing data science teams will be beneficialExcellent opportunity to join a team working on one of the most exciting Machine Learning projects in the UK."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£500 - £600 per day"	"Careerwise"	"Konrad Chmura "	"JS-0000005587"	"03/12/2018 19:54:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlTDa"	"6 months +"	NA	NA
"Claims Analytics Manager"	"£50k - £60k per annum + Benefits + Car Allowance + More"	"East Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Claims Analytics Manager"	"East Sussex - £50k - £60k per annum + Benefits + Car Allowance + More"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Job Title: Claims Analytics ManagerLocation: SussexSalary: up to £60,000Position: PermanentJob Description:An exciting new opportunity for an Analyst to join a large reputable company in the South Coast. With their rapidly growing analytics team, they are looking for a leading candidate who will be the driving for the analytics team. You will take lead in company-wide projects in order to drive forward change, champion analytical excellence and use data and analytics to break down complex business problems.As a Claims Analytics Manager you will have experience in applying analytics and data science techniques to solve real business problems. You will build a team of analysts, introducing new techniques and advanced analytical methods.You will be:Providing analytical insight on claims and counter-fraud performance, enabling the business to deliver competitive prices to customers.You will be supporting leadership and operations through the development and delivery of analytical tools and insight.Enabling the business to understand, monitor and communicate the drivers of claims and counter-fraud performanceControl indemnity and operational spendYou will help solve complex business problems using analytical and statistical techniquesUse machine learning techniques and predictive modellingEnsure all projects are completed to a deadlineManage internal and external senior stakeholdersTake line management responsibility and share a hands-on approach to projectsYou will need:Good problem-solving skillsDeliver actionable insights to senior stakeholdersHave practical experience using predictive modelling and machine learning techniques and drive decision makingBe a strategic thinker and conduct medium and long-term plansManage and develop a team of analystsConfident in building networks throughout the businessHave a numerical degreeBe proficient in Python, R and SQLExperience with Tableau and Power BI will be advantageous.This is an excellent to opportunity to take your career to a new level. DON'T get left behind APPLY NOW! To discuss this exciting opportunity in more detail, please send your CV to (see below) or call Jennifer Cruz in complete confidence ASAP.  Parallel Consulting is a leading Analytics Recruitment Consultancy with many live Contract and Permanent job opportunities. We deal with Clients throughout the UK, Europe and USA.   Confidentiality is of course guaranteed.Parallel Consulting is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"East Sussex, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £60k per annum + Benefits + Car Allowance + More"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Jennifer Cruz "	"JS-2006"	"27/11/2018 10:00:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkNBP"	NA	NA	NA
"New Permanent Opportunity! Data Scientist! Immediate Start!"	"£40k - 43k per year + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"New Permanent Opportunity! Data Scientist! Immediate Start!"	"London - £40k - 43k per year + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"RSR Regulatory Services is a market leading recruitment business dedicated to supplying experienced practitioners on a temporary, contractual or permanent basis to the Law Enforcement, Cyber Security, Offender Management and Regulatory Services talent markets.RSR Regulatory Services are currently recruiting for a Data Scientist to join a well-established healthcare regulatory body to deliver data insights the drive operations and direct resources for the business.Role: Data ScientistContract Type: PermanentSalary Range: £40000/Annum - £43000/Annum + BenefitsMain duties and responsibilities Develop mechanisms for analysing, modelling and reporting relevant employer and healthcare settings risk data to provide intelligence to the organisation.Contribute to the development of the business' insight and intelligence capability by bringing knowledge and experience of data science.Manage stakeholders and partners (internal and external) and develop effective partnerships with external data science teams and academics to ensure that the NMC's data science capability is in line with others within the healthcare regulatory context. This includes sharing of data and information, ensuring all aspects are covered within GDPR and other relevant legislation.Apply (or develop if necessary) tools and pipelines to efficiently collect, clean, and prepare massive volumes of data for analysis.Acquire and use broad knowledge of innovative methods, algorithms, and tools from within Microsoft and from the scientific literature, and apply them to analysis of scalability and applicability to the formulated problem.Transform formulated problems into implementation plans by applying (and creating when necessary) the appropriate methods, algorithms, and tools, and statistically validating the results against biases and errors. This includes the interpretation of results and development of insights and providing the business with risks and limitations.Influence change by promoting the understanding and the development of regulatory intelligence and the concept of data science within the organisation, including senior colleagues and senior external stakeholders.Undertake complex research and analysis at strategic and operational levels, linking information and intelligence to identify patterns and trends and to identify risks and concerns for various teams through timely research of all necessary internal systems and external sources using open source intelligence.Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems.Select features, build and optimise classifiers using machine learning techniques.Validate, monitor, and drive continuous improvement to methods, and propose enhancements to data sources that improve usability and results.Person SpecificationQualified to degree level in a relevant discipline such as statistics or economics or relevant work experience. B.S. in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research or similar quantitative field.Experience with data visualisation tools, such as PowerBI, D3.js, GGplot, etc.Experience of applying statistical modelling, ML and data mining algorithms to real world problems.Experience handling varied and complex data sources to draw accurate and insightful conclusions.Good understanding and experience with distributed data/computing tools like Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc.Practical understanding and experience of working with the principles of the National Intelligence Model (desirable).Solid working knowledge of advanced analytical software and databases (eg Microsoft Azure and SAS).Solid working knowledge in one or more Scripting/database querying languages like Hive, Pig or SQL.Excellent applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.If you would like to be considered for this position and have the relevant experience, then please email your CV to dapo.adewunmi@rsg Alternatively, if this role is not for you but you do know somebody who would be interested please refer them. We have a referral bonus scheme and will pay £75, in retail vouchers of your choice, for referrals who are not already known to us.Due to the high volume of applications received, if you do not hear from us within 7 working days, I am afraid your application has been unsuccessful.RSR Regulatory Services is member of the Red Snapper Group.The Red Snapper Group acts as an employment agency (permanent) and as an employment business (temporary) - a free and confidential service to candidates.The Red Snapper Recruitment Group is an equal opportunities employer.Word cloud: data science, analytics, data scientist, data, statistics, programming, algorithms, intelligence "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - 43k per year + Benefits"	"Red Snapper Recruitment"	"Dapo Adewunmi"	"JSDA - DS - LDN"	"30/11/2018 11:53:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkp6B"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, Fake News)"	"£65k - £75k per annum + equity"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, Fake News)"	"London - £65k - £75k per annum + equity"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, Fake News):We are currently looking for Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, Fake News) to join a rapidly expanding Machine Learning (NLP) start-up, based in central London. This start-up have already patented their own Machine Learning technology and are revolutionizing the way in which we access and process news within the realm of social media.This organisation have just recieved a huge amount of funding and are currently searching for a Data Scientist with experience in Deep Learning and Neural Networks within their academic, research or industry related work (published papers are a huge benefit). You will be passionate about contributing to the solutions of real-world problems through the devise of a Deep Learning and Machine Learning model.As a Data Scientist, you will be developing deep learning models that will be used to determine whether news is either real or fake. You will also have a key role in classifying the effectiveness of the Big Data that the team are using. In addition to this, you will be defining the strategy of how their model is used in the long-term. You will also have the opportunity to publish papers at a world-renowned University, who the company are currently working closely alongside. What we can offer a Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, Fake News):To work in a high profile startup within the domain of social media analysisStrong salary and package offeredFlexible working environment and hoursBecome an integral and key member of the team, work among experts in the field of ML/NLPKey Skills: Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Neural Nets, Fake News); Deep Neural Networks, NLP, Deep Learning, PhD, Research, Researcher, Graph Theory, Statistics, Mathematical Models, Natural Language Processing, DL, ML, Machine Learning, Post Doc, Tensorflow, Unsupervised Learning, Supervised Learning, Semi-Supervised Learning, Signal Processing, Probability Theory, Probability, Stats, Mathematics, Maths, Data Mining, Map-Reduce, NIPS, IEEE, Publications, Clustering, Big Data, Data Science, Data Scientist, Machine Learning Models, NN, Neural Networks, DNN, GANS"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£65k - £75k per annum + equity"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Anna Heneghan "	"JS-BBBH1522"	"03/12/2018 05:00:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlHhh"	NA	NA	"About Understanding Recruitmentwww.understandingrecruitment.co.uk/Understanding Recruitment are a multi-award winning technology recruitment specialist based in St. Albans, Hertfordshire.We avoid using the specialist term unless it is true. This is why we are proud to have teams across Java, DevOps & Cloud, Mobile & Web and .NET that focus purely within their niche in an ever evolving market. Our Corporate Solutions team cover a wide variety of technology, digital roles & can also provide a managed service solution.Within Corporate, we have a specialist Not-For-profit team focused on delivering high quality candidates within the Charity sector.With a dedicated Contracts team we can accommodate & ensure you deal with specialists, not just within their technical niche, but also within the recruitment process you are operating in.Our teams focus on finding highly skilled individuals to help our clients meet their requirements & candidates find their dream move. Best Staffing Firms to Work For 2017 | SIA AwardsRecruitment Company of the Year 2016 | APSCo Awards for Excellence"
"Data Scientist"	"Market Rate"	"South West London"	"Contract"	"Data Scientist"	"South West London - Market Rate"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"One of my leading clients is looking for a Data Scientist to work onsite for 6 months paying market rate. Please note you must have experience with Management of Projects, Advanced Analytics, Supply Chain and Cloud Architecture. This role will focus on advanced demand forecasting, building models that enable markets to make better planning decisions. It will deliver the priority projects agreed between I&A Supply Chain lead and the markets.Key Skills and Responsibilities:Machine learning forecasting techniques Fully Operational * Statistical modelling Fully Operational * Operational research and supply chain Detailed Domain Knowledge * Optimisation techniques and tools Fully Operational * Manipulating multi-source data Fully Operational * Python coding and R Fully Operational * Cloud architecture (preferably MS Azure) Working Knowledge * Simulation packages eg Anylogic Working Knowledge * Distributed computing (Hadoop, Spark) Working Knowledge * Work with the I&A Supply Chain lead and market teams to fully understand the business problems and how to deliver relevant insights that lead to actions. *Gather data and build machine learning models to solve advanced forecasting problems requiring predictive and/or prescriptive analytics * Guide the work of 3rd party vendors, ensuring optimal delivery while creating IP and capability * Support product teams scaling models into low-touch solutions to provide optimal ROI from data science. *This is an exciting new role in the Data Science Centre of Excellence team in, which is tasked to deliver maximum value from data to drive business and organization performance. To apply please send your CV to (see below) "	"South West London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Market Rate"	"Gibbs Hybrid"	"Nicole Witney "	"JS-NWLRDATA"	"28/11/2018 21:25:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkcln"	"6 months"	NA	"About Gibbs Hybridwww.gibbshybrid.comGibbs Hybrid Gibbs Hybrid is an International people-powered business, providing Programme Technology Solutions, Total Talent Management Services and Outsourcing as a Service. We offer our innovative blended models to help improve our clients’ People, Technology, Process and Delivery Challenges.Headquartered in the UK, Gibbs Hybrid has offices across Ireland, Poland, Luxembourg, US and Canada.  We are a tier one partner, privately held and a globally certified Woman-owned Business Enterprise (WBE) & Ethnic Minority Owned Business (EMB). Our passion is to be the most respected and trusted partner and our philosophy is centred round Innovation, Customer Centricity, Expert Execution.Passionate about people and passionate about making a difference. "
"Hybrid Cloud Solution Architect - Finance - Hybrid Cloud, AWS, Azure, IBM, Google Cloud"	"£100k - £150k + Bonus and benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Hybrid Cloud Solution Architect - Finance - Hybrid Cloud, AWS, Azure, IBM, Google Cloud"	"London - £100k - £150k + Bonus and benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Hybrid Cloud Solution Architect - Finance - Hybrid Cloud, AWS, Azure, IBM, Google Cloud Hybrid Cloud Solution Architect required by one of the top consultancy firms to join the Financial Services advisory area and act as a subject matter expert on implementing Hybrid Cloud solutions and on discussing with customers on phasing the public cloud migration/adoption. Lead and deliver client engagements helping them to adopt public cloud. Deliver hands-on architecture solutions and mentor junior solution architects. Technical skills VMWare or MSFT Virtualisation. OpenStack. TOGAF or Zachman certification is a plus Must have 5+ years of experience in architecture and design of hybrid cloud solutions involving multiple cloud vendors (GCP, Azure, AWS) and several types of cloud (public, virtual private, private) A university degree, preferably in computer science, engineering, business and information or similar, with a minimum of a 2:1 (or equivalent), and ideally an MBA or MSc; Familiarity with common enterprise services frameworks (ITIL, TOGAF etc.) Experienced at producing multi-tier, high-availability infrastructure architectures in an Enterprise & Cloud environment Expert knowledge in implementing and operating in cloud platforms (Azure, Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Salesforce) Responsibilities Developing and bringing to market analytics propositions and services Analytics strategy, target operational model, analytics capability establishment method definition and execution Development of Cloud and advanced analytics market strategy and propositions Leadership over advanced analytics internal capability development in the areas of data science, cloud analytics, natural language processing, Real Time analytics Designing and implementing Analytics Centre of Excellence capabilities Establishment of managed service analytics capabilities Establishment of commercially successful relationships with technology vendors Strong knowledge of virtualisation, hypervisors, containers. Some DC management experience. 5 years+ experience dealing with private cloud management, on premise virtualisation of systems. An infrastructure background more than a software background. Knowledge of SDDCs, Ops automation is a plus. Understands DC cost management, scalability (burst management)/usability, DR and DC maintenance (patching, upgrades), cloud connectivity (peering). Experience outsourcing and negotiating strict SLAs (response time and availability). Strong exposure to cloud hybrid solutions: VMWare on AWS/GCP, OpenStack, Azure Stack "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Dec 2018/Jan 2019"	"£100k - £150k + Bonus and benefits"	"Curtis Reed Associates"	"Sam Turk "	"JS/HYBCL/SAM"	"27/11/2018 09:52:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GZQkl"	NA	"Executive"	"About Curtis Reed Associateswww.curtisreed.comCurtis Reed Associates is an IT recruitment organisation, established in 1998, specialising in providing staff across all sectors. Our clients range from international Banks and Consulting firms to Fintechs.Our reputation is built on our deep understanding of our market and attention to detail. Our consultants specialise in their own niche market area and have a deep understanding of their business area and candidates. Part of our success is due to the quality of candidate networks that we have established and the ability to quickly understand our clients’ requirements and deliver candidates that match.Curtis Reed Associates is committed to recruitment best practice and is GDPR compliant."
"Data Scientist"	"£40k - £50k per annum"	"Newcastle upon Tyne"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"Newcastle upon Tyne - £40k - £50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Data Scientist Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne & Wear Up to £50,000 per annum Do you envisage yourself working with a minefield of data? Do you want to work with the latest technology, in conjunction with some of the biggest companies on the market? Are you more 'T-shirt and Jeans' than '3 Piece Suit'? The company, based in the heart of Newcastle, have worldwide reach and are an international market leader within their specialism. This is the kind of company that people highlight as their eventual employer and there is always massive competition for their roles when they arise; part of the reason for this is that employees here do not typically leave!  This is company is huge with international presence, yet they still pride themselves in having a start-up environment. Suits are nowhere to be seen here and you are encouraged to be yourself! There are huge perks including, frequent training opportunities, international travel and the opportunity to establish yourself worldwide. This position will see you join an already established Data team with enough work and data for you to fully engulf yourself from Day 1. In direct contrast to many of the other Data roles on the market these days, you are backed to demonstrate insight and help to tell a story with the data that you are assigned. You will use this data to predict not to reflect, therefore we are looking for a very analytical thinker. There are no salary bands or unachievable targets in place to restrict your earning potential, simply frequent reviews and grown up conversations regarding what you are doing, what you want to do and how to get there. Your salary grows along with your technical ability, this really is the chance to join an elite team based here in the North East the sky is the limit. Local to your office is the City Centre, a plethora of lunch options, amazing transport links and crazy Life Science museums. So if your passion is shopping, trying different cuisine or learning all about the anatomy of the human body we have you covered! There are fantastic transport links to just about everywhere in the Northern Region of the country, therefore this kind of role would suit those travelling from a-far. From a technical perspective, we're looking at candidates from a Data Science background who are looking to really excel their careers and technical ability. We are looking for unique individuals who come from a Data Scientist position and from a technical perspective, experience of using R, Python and Matlab would be of distinct advantage.The future of this position really is Computer Vision, so if this is an area of expertise for yourself or an area in which you'd like to break in to, this could be an opportunity for you!"	"Newcastle upon Tyne, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £50k per annum"	"Reed Technology"	"Scott Dawson "	"JS-77984"	"28/11/2018 15:28:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkaGT"	NA	NA	NA
"DevOps Engineer (Python) - Leading Digital Agency/FTSE 100 Bank - London"	"Up to £700 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"DevOps Engineer (Python) - Leading Digital Agency/FTSE 100 Bank - London"	"London - Up to £700 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Urgent requirement for a DevOps Engineer, to work with a leading digital agency onsite with their FTSE 100 banking client based in their Canary Wharf Office, London. Role: The role of the DevOps Engineer in GRA is to take responsibility for the delivery of technical aspects in a new Strategic Analytics Platform. In this role, an engineer would conduct the would provide analytics tools to data scientists in the business. This will mainly focus on managing and building components to support a python based user community on Anaconda, but also cover other areas. They will work with the Lead IT Platform Architect and Business Representatives to ensure solutions align to the wider architecture principles across GRA. Your responsibilities will include: Become an SME (subject matter expert) in managing the analytics environments and tooling Ensure that the highest level of quality is provided for all activities and products. Act as a hands-on team player and ensure the analytics platform is correctly built, configured, and operational Ensures that non-functional requirements are clearly understood and taken care of, such as performance and access control Customer focus; effectively engage with the data scientists, IT colleagues, and other stakeholders to build a trust-based relationship and deliver a connected service Work closely within DevOps environment to promote design best practice and ensure solutions align with architectural designs and principles. Adopt an agile mindset and approach to solution delivery The ideal candidate for this role will have: Experience of developing and managing analytics solutions, ideally in Anaconda (big data/data science experience preferable; Enterprise edition preferred (but not essential). Exposure to managing open source repositories from external sources in a secure and approved way Some knowledge of managing Data Science solutions in a Dev Ops Pipeline, considering deployment; ideally with exposure to tools such as Jenkins and Jira Data science tooling experience preferable, with an understanding of available python libraries and their implementation, preferably with an analytics background or similar. Strong knowledge of AWS and/or GCP, preferably with their use within data science and machine learning Experience working in relevant environment/s, ie Anaconda, Python 2.7 and Python 3.5, R, Repository management Ideally with Exposure to Docker or other related container technologies Systems Implementation experience preferable, but not essential Availability to undertake the travel required for this role, ie Availability to undertake the travel required for this role ie some national travel occasionally between London, Sheffield, and Cambridge Both spoken and written communication skills with experience of adapting your style and approach to the audience and message to be delivered Preferably looking for candidates with experience of the data science community, new ideas and willingness to stretch experience for what would be a fantastic opportunity to join a growing team, and really make an impact to our Data Science platform Key words; Anaconda, Data Science, DevOps, Dev Ops, Jenkins, JIRA, AWS, GCP, R, Respository management, Docker, platform architecture, etc."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"Up to £700 per Day"	"Strike IT Services"	"Alisha Rogerson "	"JSDATASCIENCEENG"	"03/12/2018 09:20:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GiWMy"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Senior Consultant - Insurance & Analytics - Enterprise Analytics Solution Practice"	"Strong Salary Package"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Consultant - Insurance & Analytics - Enterprise Analytics Solution Practice"	"London - Strong Salary Package"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Do you want to join one of the fastest growing Global Platform Software Engineering Consultancies in the world?Do you enjoy working with super technical people coupled with strong business acumen?Here at EPAM, we combine best-in-class software engineering with digital strategy and experience design, business consulting and technology innovation services.Come join us!SUMMARY  We are looking for a Permanent Senior Consultant with very strong experience in Insurance and Analytics to join our Enterprise Analytics Solution Practice in London.The role will be aligned to one or more large clients of ours.We need: Deep Knowledge of the Insurance industry ie in various functions/domains within insurance eg Acquisition (Pricing, Marketing etc.) and Customer Management (Claims, Fraud, Attrition, Customer Engagement);Experience in customer analytics and how analytics could be applied to optimise business process eg acquisition, customer management etc. RESPONSIBILITIES Act as team lead, key workshops, assessment and roadmap preparations Present the project's objectives and EPAM's approach to deliver Drive/participate in the IT Service Manager Interviews and the IT Service Team Interviews Participate in the Persona and Use Case Interviews and drive the BU Leader Interviews Provide consultancy/coaching to the BI Analyst(s) Participate in sessions with the Enterprise/Solution Architects Provide consultancy/coaching to the BI Architect Participate and drive the Analytics Road-mapping Session Drive the finalization of the discovery results Drive the BI vision and strategy creation Drive the Review Session with the IT Sponsor and Service Managers Present the BI/analytics vision/strategy Drive the Analytics Roadmap Session REQUIREMENTS Communication: Excellent client-facing communication skills: Drives meetings/workshops/interviews (internal/with client) Excellent networking skills: Actively and proactively networks with the client stakeholders Able to communicate to both highly technical and non-technical stakeholders effectively Excellent documentation, communication and presentation skills  Business: Deep domain expertise in Insurance Industry Have the ability to see the big picture with a demonstration of strong business acumen Understanding of the strategic business needs and vision of the client Can create a 1-5 year BI/Analytics vision Can create a 1-2 year BI/Analytics strategy  Technical: Ability to review the current BI environment, map usage and performance of analytic applications and assess Analytics Maturity state of a Business Significant experience in customer analytics projects and can demonstrate experience of leading end to end projects Knowledge of Data Science principles to do predictive, AI and cognitive modelling Knowledge of Big Data technologies and tools Relevant experience with BI/analytics design/implementation projects Good understanding of Front End analytics, data analytic tools, ETL and Back End technologies  Process: Knowledge of the Analytics Roadmap processes and can support the Roadmap team members with training/coaching the methodology In depth experience in project management and stakeholder engagement (C-suite) Contributes to the definition of Stories/Tasks on Sprint level Understanding of Scrum processes and ability to work accordingly  WE OFFER Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills Opportunity to work on leading edge platforms, working in a fast-paced, agile, software engineering culture Knowledge-sharing with colleagues from EPAM's global tech communities Regular performance feedback and salary reviews Opportunities for professional growth ABOUT EPAM  Ranked as #12 on Forbes' List of 25 Fastest Growing Public Tech Companies for 2017, EPAM is committed to providing our global team of 25,900+ EPAMerswith inspiring careers from day one. EPAMers lead with passion and honesty, and think creatively. Our people are the source of our success and we value collaboration, try to always understand our customers' business, and strive for the highest standards of excellence. No matter where you are located, you will join a dedicated, diverse community that will help you discover your fullest potential."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Strong Salary Package"	"EPAM Systems Ltd"	"Chris Raynor"	"JS"	"30/11/2018 07:03:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gja6L"	NA	NA	NA
"Enterprise Architect (Data)"	"Circa £85k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Enterprise Architect (Data)"	"London - Circa £85k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	" Enterprise Architect (Data)   Objectives  This role will contribute to the delivery of services as part of a global team that spans applications, infrastructure and data disciplines. The focus of this role is information/data architecture; The primary objective of the Data Architect side of this role is to strengthen the impact of, and provides recommendations on, business information that will need to be available and shared across the firms IT infrastructure  Primary Responsibilities:  Maximise value derived from data and analytics, by: fostering value creation using the firm's data assets, as well as the external data ecosystem; helping to improve business performance through enterprise information solutions and capabilities, such as master data management (MDM), metadata management, analytics, content management, data integration, and related information management or information infrastructure components; and the enablement of effective data and analytics governance, including its processes, policies and structures. Maintain existing data strategy and develop roadmaps for the future Champion the architecture standards and principles Help drive towards common global architectures and solutions Socialize architecture models and high-level designs with subject matter experts and other stakeholders Develop the high-level Architecture Vision for initiatives implement appropriate Architecture reviews and other review boards for projects/programmes/domains; act autonomously in dealing with identified issues or deviance from standards Surface information priority by assessing the benefits and the risks of information by using tools such as capability models to create an information-centric view to quickly visualize what information matters most to the firm based on the firm's strategy.  Skills, experience, and qualifications  A minimum of seven years of experience in IT, with at least three years' experience in solution and/or enterprise architecture in a complex environment, and two years in information system design with in-depth experience of designing and implementing information solutions. Self-managing, proactive, work effectively with minimal supervision Proven ability to communicate to all levels both verbally and in writing Experience in business capability modelling, information and Datamodelling, and information classification at the enterprise level, with an understanding in common information architecture frameworks Strong analytical and lateral thinking skills Ability to work collaboratively across the business Proven ability to stay abreast of industry and technology trends, and to assess rapidly changing technologies and apply them to business needs. Ability to 'see the big picture' and explain complex technical issues using non-technical language, whilst understanding the short-term perspectives of situations. Experience evaluating and analysing complex design propositions, with a track record of remaining unbiased toward specific technologies or vendors Strong stakeholder and relationship management skills Experienced in dealing with ambiguity and adapting to changing circumstances, with the ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies An understanding of meta-models, taxonomies, and ontologies, as well as of the challenges of applying structured techniques (Datamodelling) to less-structured sources. Familiarity with data science concepts, as well as MDM, business intelligence, and data warehouse design and implementation techniques. Experience with distributed management and analytics in the cloud and hybrid environments. Also an understanding of a variety of data access and analytics approaches (for example, microservices and event-based architectures). Experienced in working with global virtual teams Experience of working within Agile delivery environments Three to five years' experience as a data analyst is highly desirable. "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"Dec/January 2018"	"Circa £85k"	"Picture More Ltd"	"Jon Lewis"	"JS14234"	"27/11/2018 17:03:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQ3s"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Mobile Product Manager"	"£70k - £80k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Mobile Product Manager"	"City of London - £70k - £80k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Senior Mobile Product Manager My client has an aim to help anyone achieve confident, real-world language skills in just a few months. Their product is innovative and fun, and it delivers the goods.I am looking for a Senior Mobile Product Manager to help them grow even bigger and teach millions more people a new language! Your mission will be to help create the most effective and engaging language learning product in the world.If you join them, you'll get to: Leverage data, language research, and user research to inform product decisions Oversee product features from concept, prototype, specification, design, launch, and iteration phases. Coordinate and consult with other teams regarding product requirements Define success metrics and be accountable for themREQUIREMENTS Experience in product managementFluent in best practices of mobile/web growth, retention, and monetisation, preferably in a consumer product marketHighly self-motivated, able to work with both extremely creative and methodological peopleProven track record of leading a team and delivering successful resultsUnderstanding of the technical architecture of modern consumer mobile and web appsFamiliarity and/or interest in data science and machine learningExperience running A/B testsExceptional communication and presentation skillsPassion for languages and creating new ways to learn themWe are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnerships, pregnancy or maternity or age."	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£70k - £80k per annum"	"onezeero"	"Myles Egan "	"JS-50196664"	"29/11/2018 09:49:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkggn"	NA	NA	NA
"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"London - £130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Agile technology delivery consultancy specialising in Agile Digital Transformation has entered the market looking for a Head of Artificial Intelligence to head up and grow a new business line for the organization.  Reporting to the CIO, the remit of the role is help drive the consultancy on the next chapter of its journey. You will be able to inspire your clients and your teams to develop them and the practice within the AI world.  Essential Skills:  Demonstrable track record of working in a leadership role within a large consultancy capacity, where you have managed large teams, delivered enterprise level programs of work and won & developed new business from scratch; demonstrable track record of working with and advising clients on there use of AI technology and then importantly having the technical foresight to be able deliver the solution to client; passionate and have a thought leadership type background within AI showing extensive knowledge around machine learning, RPA, Chatbots, Personal Advisors etc.  My client is a highly respected technology consultancy based in a variety of locations across the UK, with over 1000 employees. However, this role sits in the newest part of the organization that has grown rapidly over the last three years building a strong presence within Big Data & Data Science and building out its AI capabilities is the next logical step on the journey. The core responsibilities for this role will include: Delivering high-quality AI consulting to clients around Advisory, Innovation Sprints, Alphas, On-going support/advice to AI delivery projects Grow revenue in line with the business plan Building a small, but highly expert AI consulting team Continually evolving the AI proposition to meet client expectations Writing and delivering client pitches and proposals Being a thought leader on AI both internally and externally This is a hugely exciting role for a candidate that has both a strong consulting pedigree helping build and shape consulting practices throughout their career but has a strong technical background to understand and help delivery AI technologies to a wide and varied audience. If you are positive person with a hands-on can-do attitude and a burning passion for all things AI, then this could just be the perfect role for you."	"London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	"ASAP"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Cloudstream"	"Ben Davis "	"JSBD/AICON"	"28/11/2018 12:33:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Ggr2F"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Data Architect"	"very competitive"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Contract"	"Data Architect"	"Southampton, Hampshire - very competitive"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"This is a fantastic opportunity to work as a Data Architect for a blue chip client in Southampton on a long term contract.This will be leading the architecture to allow data to be utilised by millions of users.The key skills required for this Data Architect position are:Considerable experience in architecting large scale Cloud environments eg AWS, Azure, Google CloudExperience in designing and creating Datamodelling and Analytical ServicesExperience in delivering data architecture for data warehouse solutionsExposure to IoT/Notification Hub, Hub, web Portal, Data as a ServiceDemonstrable experience of Big Data Practical skills (Hadoop, Spark, etc) or HD Insights, AWS EMRIngestion using data pipeline patterns and orchestration techniques such as oozie or MSADFNoSQL data stores (CosmosDB, HBase, Apache Cassandra, etc and exposure to Graph data stores in addition to exposure to Metadata solutions in Big Data environments such as Atlas, Waterline Data, IBMIGC etc...Programming skills in Python or C#Excellent communication skills and the flexibility to respond to different programme demands.Experience in Data Management and Governance tools eg Datamodelling, migration, MDM, RDM, Metadata, profiling, ETL, OrchestrationKeeps track of innovations and innovative companies in the relevant areas eg Data Management, Analytics and Data SciencePractitioner certification in ToGAF, DAMA and/or equivalent frameworksIf you do have the relevant experience for this role, please send through a copy of your CV."	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"very competitive"	"The Bridge Ltd"	"David Gillespie"	"JSDGDASO"	"27/11/2018 17:47:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRKl"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Artificial Intelligence - Agile Consulting"	"London - £130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Agile technology delivery consultancy specialising in Agile Digital Transformation has entered the market looking for a Head of Artificial Intelligence to head up and grow a new business line for the organization.  Reporting to the CIO, the remit of the role is help drive the consultancy on the next chapter of its journey. You will be able to inspire your clients and your teams to develop them and the practice within the AI world.  Essential Skills:  Demonstrable track record of working in a leadership role within a large consultancy capacity, where you have managed large teams, delivered enterprise level programs of work and won & developed new business from scratch; demonstrable track record of working with and advising clients on there use of AI technology and then importantly having the technical foresight to be able deliver the solution to client; passionate and have a thought leadership type background within AI showing extensive knowledge around machine learning, RPA, Chatbots, Personal Advisors etc. My client is a highly respected technology consultancy based in a variety of locations across the UK, with over 1000 employees. However, this role sits in the newest part of the organization that has grown rapidly over the last three years building a strong presence within Big Data & Data Science and building out its AI capabilities is the next logical step on the journey. The core responsibilities for this role will include: Delivering high-quality AI consulting to clients around Advisory, Innovation Sprints, Alphas, On-going support/advice to AI delivery projects Grow revenue in line with the business plan Building a small, but highly expert AI consulting team Continually evolving the AI proposition to meet client expectations Writing and delivering client pitches and proposals Being a thought leader on AI both internally and externally This is a hugely exciting role for a candidate that has both a strong consulting pedigree helping build and shape consulting practices throughout their career but has a strong technical background to understand and help delivery AI technologies to a wide and varied audience. If you are positive person with a hands-on can-do attitude and a burning passion for all things AI, then this could just be the perfect role for you."	"London, UK"	"IT, Consulting"	"ASAP"	"£130k + healthy bonus and Benefits"	"Cloudstream"	"Ben Davis "	"JSBD/AICON"	"27/11/2018 09:41:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkMoI"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Senior Software Engineer - Chatham"	""	"Chatham, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Senior Software Engineer - Chatham"	"Chatham, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description:Pitney Bowes Software is currently recruiting for Senior Software Engineers for their Enterprise Infrastructure Asset Management Development team in the UK. The Senior Software Engineer will be a critical part of a team responsible for developing enterprise infrastructure asset management systems which are delivered as end to end solutions to a global customer base. The responsibility of this team is to continuously innovate and develop web and mobile based applications which are deployed both in our Cloud or within a client's data centre. The Senior Software Engineer, as a part of this team, will be responsible for the iterative development of high quality software solutions which solve real world business problems for our users. Our engineering team is global in nature hence first class communication skills are essential as you will be working closely with clients and other team members. Senior Software Engineers are always learning and are passionate about keeping up to date with emerging technology and industry trends (such as IoT, data science and machine learning) and can apply their expertise when developing web solutions. You see opportunities where others see challenges. Build. Deploy. Bridge. Grow. The Senior Software Engineer shall be based out of our Chatham, Kent office (with flexible working possible, but equally, presence required in the office as per team requirements) and will be responsible for:. Hands-on coding software solutions to deliver quality, performant web solutions that meets the requirement, is maintainable and maintains architectural integrity. Adhere to Test Driven Development practises and be aware of CI/CD tools and techniques, so as to be able to move in a fast yet quality driven environment. Reviewing the work of other developers following best practice and standards.. Actively participate in all Scrum ceremonies and ensure that the sprint backlog, sprint tasks and other tracking systems are kept up to date.. Providing estimates of work based on data available and experience during planning activities. Maximising client value by working directly with clients and end users when completing project work.. Demonstrating your work to internal and external audiences at the end of a sprint or release Qualification, Skills & Experience. Programming skills across several languages (C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript - AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3). 3 or more years of commercial experience in building performant web and mobile applications. Experience in using open source tools and components. Proficient analysis and design skills, including Object Oriented development. Proficient level experience of Agile software development principles and practice, including Scrum. Experience of relational database management systems, including SQL. Ability to adapt to changing priorities and deadlines. Effective communicator at all levels. AWS The Team Our Digital Commerce team powers global commerce, processing billions of transactions every year. Our technology helps businesses operate faster and more efficiently. How? By identifying trusted data and insights to create targeted, effective messaging, by providing accurate geographic data to make smarter business decisions, and by delivering relevant and engaging interactions across the customer lifecycle to drive increased satisfaction. Pitney Bowes is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and inclusiveness in the workplace. All interested individuals must apply online. "	"Chatham, Kent, UK"	"Engineering"	NA	NA	"Pitney Bowes"	"Pitney Bowes"	"JS32B87CBDF774D468/596801342"	"03/12/2018 19:26:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlS7A"	NA	NA	NA
"Enterprise Architect (Corporate Focus)"	"£77,414-£87,091"	"Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Enterprise Architect (Corporate Focus)"	"Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire - £77,414-£87,091"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"About the department Our IT Vision is \"A railway that runs on data, powered by technology that builds new destinations in the lives of everyone\". This role truly has the opportunity to positively contribute to the lives of everyone by making clever business and technology choices for the railway.  The Chief Information Technology Office (CITO) provides professional services to lead guide and govern the Business Aligned IT Strategy across Network Rail, enabling business outcomes through empowered IT decision-making. The IT Strategy focuses on building new value for Network Rail, its partners, suppliers and most important of all, its customers.We are: Forward Thinking - Working closely with customers to shape strategic direction  Outward Facing - Greater emphasis on enabling future value delivery and risk mitigation  Enterprise Wide - Taking an outside-in and cross-Network Rail wide perspective on business and technology  Innovative - Providing technology thought leadership and supporting adoption of emerging technologyThe team comprises Enterprise Architects, Analysts and Solution architects; we work closely with a growing community of Architects throughout Network Rail, the Rail Industry and in the Route Services IT function.About the Role Are you looking for a change in your career? Are you passionate about joining Network rail?  In this role you will assist Network Rail to deliver its responsibilities and services to its internal and external stakeholders and customers through Corporate segment enterprise architecture engagement and outputs.  You will bring corporate industry best practice to the railway coupled with excellent business insight to help us grow our capability, be more efficient, reliable and safe. Network Rail is many businesses in one - we manage infrastructure, plan and deliver train paths, operate a telecoms network, manage a complex supply chain and logistics and like any business, we manage our people, finances and stakeholder/regulatory dedications. As Network Rail continues to devolve its accountability to route businesses, you will apply best practice and emerging business and technology for HR, Finance, and supply chain management.You will work within the CITO EA function in the Corporate Services EA Segment to align business and technology strategy with our corporate colleagues. Corporate business serves the rest of Network Rail so you will naturally work seamlessly with the Assets and Trains EA segments and with the Digital Business Platform technology segment. The latter is important as you will want to find opportunities for business efficiency and customer service excellence through application of modern digital technologies and operating models (eg IOT, Robotic Process Automation, Low-Code, Data Science).Key Accountabilities You will have ownership of the enterprise architecture development for business segment(s) and/or domains including one or more of Assets, Trains, Corporate, Digital Business Platform segments and/or Business, Information domains, and into rail industry ecosystems.  Manage a team of analysts and other architects to engage, research, develop and communicate the enterprise architecture.  Guide people, process, business model opportunity, risk and change through dedicated business architecture advice and guidance.  Guide information and data opportunities including classification, sharing, quality improvement and monetisation (incl. reputational, financial, gain-share).  Leading business application and technology opportunity and risk reduction in context of NR strategic business objectives.  Maximise opportunities to adopt and innovate using Digital Business Platform.  Engaging with NR and industry business and technology stakeholders to understand strategic business objectives.  You will ensure that the various views comprising the enterprise architecture are consistent and coherent, at an appropriate level of detail. Control changes so as to maintain internal consistency and excellent integration with other architecture using EA tooling and documentation.  Informing Business Aligned IT Strategy through detailed segment and/or domain understanding.  You will support the maintenance of these architectures to reflect changes to business and RSIT strategy for new requirements, emergence of technology innovations and changes to the business.  Provide technology and business leaders as well as the change teams (incl. RSIT Portfolio Managers, Solution Architects and industry partners) with a clear understanding of the enterprise architecture standards, patterns and framework.  You will develop and maintain Enterprise Architecture products including target states, reference architecture, patterns, roadmaps and stakeholder views/presentations to support and guide NR business leaders and change initiatives.Job Skills, Experience and QualificationsEssential A balance of business, information, application and technology architecture proficiency. Use of appropriate standard and custom methods including business model/value canvas, capability modelling, service design, design thinking.  Ability to take a strategic view and see the 'big picture' allied to the ability to adopt an analytical approach to complex change programmes with the awareness of operational implications  Experience of operating at a senior level, building effective relationships and dealing with executive colleagues, and stakeholders NR wide  Display high level of analytical problem-solving skills and the ability to assimilate complex information, to facilitate escalation and resolution of issues  Excellent influencing and communication skills (technical authoring, architecture \"marketing\", multi-channel presentations)  Ability to take ownership of large scale problem areas - breaking down into planned and manageable activities.  Business and commercial acumen - understanding business models, financial drivers, competition  Experience of enterprise level architectural development across all domains, including experience of 'system of systems' architecture development  Relevant experience and/or qualifications such as TOGAF, MODAF, SaFE, Zachman, Systems Engineering Certification.  Knowledge of business systems and their application (eg corporate, supply chain, asset management, financial, HR, engineering)  Experience of digital business technologies including (IOT, API, Big Data, Security, Hybrid Cloud, Collaboration, Content Management)  Negotiation skills for EA governance - trade-off analysis, conflict resolution, inspiring change, risk assessmentDesirable Substantial experience of corporate process architecture development and deployment  Process Management and workflow concepts and technologies (eg Oracle Workflow)  Experience of the application of industry frameworks and maturity models including COBIT, ITIL, P3M, MoP, MSP, PRINCE2, P3M3 and CMMI.  Information Security Concepts, Standards (BS7799/InfoSec), Infrastructure and Technologies  EA within a nationally distributed and federated organisation  Enterprise architecture tooling selection and EA data management and reporting  Leadership experience in other parts of the IT life cycle - including build, service, operations, supplier management.Do you have the experience needed? Network Rail welcomes applications regardless of age, disability, marital status (including civil partnerships), pregnancy or maternity, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, transgender status, sex (or gender), employment status, trade union affiliation, or other irrelevant factor. We will interview all disabled applicants who meet the essential criteria.Keeping people safe on the railway is at the heart of everything we do, safe behaviour is therefore a requirement of working for Network Rail. Applicants should demonstrate their personal commitment to safety in their application.Network Rail can offer you a rewarding career with competitive pay and excellent benefits including a choice of contributory pension schemes, a generous annual leave package, a bonus scheme and an annual 75% subsidy on season tickets costing up to £3,000 (to a maximum amount of £2,250).Network Rail positively embraces flexible working recognising that employees may wish to balance work and family/home life.  Network Rail adheres to a structured pay framework, any salary offered will be within the following pay range: £77,414-£87,091.  As an arm's length department of the UK Government, Network Rail is required to comply with a well-established pre-employment vetting process for all prospective employees.Baseline Personnel Security Standard (BPSS) checks require prospective employees of Network Rail to meet the following requirements;  Provide eligibility to work in the UK and identity documentation  Complete a satisfactory 3 year employment history check  Complete a satisfactory unspent criminal conviction disclosure checkFor more information regarding BPSS pre-employment related checks, please visit the UK Government website for further information - UK Government - BPSS ChecksTo find out more and to apply, please click the APPLY button.Closing date: 17.12.18, late applications will not be accepted. We retain the right to close the advert before the listed closing date based on application volumes.It is a requirement of the role to live within 90 minutes commuting time of The Quadrant Milton Keynes. "	"Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£77,414-£87,091"	"Network Rail"	"Network Rail"	"JS2599399/581475463"	"03/12/2018 16:01:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQRO"	NA	NA	NA
"Security Analyst"	""	"Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Security Analyst"	"Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"SummaryAbout The Cyber Security TeamOur cyber security team are the eyes and ears of our organisation. We use the latest technologies to increase visibility and protection of systems, services and data. To do this we need to stay ahead of the latest threats and continuously improve our tooling, techniques, and processes.Responsible for developing and running security processes day-to-day for the Tesco Group, we're continually working to step change security capability to further enhance the protection and controls that we offer for our customers and colleagues across the UK, Europe and Asia, and we're looking to add great people to our growing team.We believe that skilled and passionate people are our greatest asset in reducing risk to our business and customers. We encourage and support continual development and learning, and recognise the importance of keeping up with changes in technology and an evolving threat landscape.Communication is key - working collaboratively with our software and systems engineering teams to support security throughout the development life cycle, as well as to build proactive monitoring and responses to security events.About The Identity and Access Management TeamWith 440,000 colleagues across the Tesco group, managing joiners, movers and leavers presents a significant challenge. The Identity and Access Management team is using automation and data science to ensure that people have the right access to do their job with as little friction as possible.The Identity and Access Management team is made up of Product Managers, Engineers, Data Analysts and Operations Engineers working across the Tesco group to develop and deploy new IAM capabilities. We're responsible for ensuring key controls are in place, encompassing joiner/mover/leaver, access requests, reviews and the contingent worker life cycle.PackageWe offer excellent benefits that help make Tesco a great place to work. These include but aren't limited to:* An annual bonus scheme which you can achieve up to 3.5% of base salary . Colleague Clubcard (including a 2nd card for a family member) after 6 months service with 10% off most purchases at Tesco . Holiday starting at 25 days plus a personal day . A retirement savings plan - 4%-7.5% contribution rate . Life Assurance - 5 x contractual pay . Buy As You Earn Scheme . Save As You Earn Scheme . Deals & Discounts through Tesco including Tesco Mobile & Tesco Bank . Deals and Discounts through many other external businessesMain ResponsibilitiesAbout the roleAs a Security Analyst, you will be responsible for managing day-to-day operations within our Security and Capability team. You will be responsible for handling colleague queries; appropriate prioritisation based on impact and urgency is a key skill for this role.You will also be required to analyse and gain insight from large, complex datasets, focusing on investigating live issues and opportunities for change, development and improvement within your area of specialism. Attention to detail, and an ability to spot trends, will be crucial to gaining insight into complex, often global questions.The role may require analysis of issues and opportunities in a wide range of underlying technologies: you will work closely with other team members and teams to understand key concepts in these technologies and inform your analysis. You will be required to articulate the results of your analysis to others in order to inform improvements to processes and systems.Within the IAM team, you will be responsible for ensuring that access to our systems, Servers and databases is appropriate in line with our security policies. You will also be responsible for identifying opportunities to streamline our support processes and enhancements that can be made in our systems.Ideal CandidateKey Skills and ExperienceYou'll need to have demonstrated experience of:* A broad understanding of security concepts; an interest and passion for Cyber Security . An analytical mindset; demonstrated ability to break down and analyse complex problems to gain insight using disparate and large-scale data sources. . Attention to detail and the ability to spot trends in data. . An ability to effectively prioritise your work given conflicting demands . Strong written and verbal communication skills: articulating insight gained through data analysis to team members and those outside the team; making recommendations for next steps and remedial actions/improvements. . Showing consistently high energy levels; aspiring to make a significant difference over and above your core responsibilities. . Working within a large-scale organisation a plus; working as part of a team crucial. . An understanding of key Identity and Access Management concepts and controls desirable; experience working in an Identity and Access Management/Access Control team a plus. . Bachelors degree or demonstrable experience required; advanced degree a plus "	"Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Tesco"	"Tesco"	"JS2597285/575811198"	"03/12/2018 15:58:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQRL"	NA	NA	NA
"Junior Data Analyst"	""	"Wallingford, Oxfordshire"	"Contract"	"Junior Data Analyst"	"Wallingford, Oxfordshire"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"CABI is an international not-for-profit organization that improves people's lives by providing information and applying scientific expertise to solve problems in agriculture and the environment. CABI is an intergovernmental organization that can trace its origins back to 1910. Our 48 member countries guide and influence our core areas of work, which include International Development and Publishing.We have over 500 staff based in 16 countries. We have offices in Brazil, China, Ghana, India, Kenya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Switzerland, Trinidad & Tobago, the UK, the USA and Zambia.International Development projects and research Through knowledge sharing and science, CABI helps address issues of global concern such as improving global food security and safeguarding the environment. We do this by helping farmers grow more and lose less of what they produce, combating threats to agriculture and the environment from pests and diseases, protecting biodiversity from invasive species, and improving access to agricultural and environmental scientific knowledge.CABI's Knowledge Business CABI produces key scientific publications, including CAB Abstracts - the world-leading abstracting and indexing database covering applied life sciences. We also publish multimedia compendia, books, eBooks and full text electronic resources aiming to further science and its application to real life. CABI invests its publishing surpluses directly into development projects, helping to improve livelihoods worldwide.Purpose of the role:  The Plantwise programme has collected a large amount of data on plant pest and disease occurence from its operations, most notably its plant clinics. Greater emphasis is now being put on its use and reuse in a range of contexts, within CABI, in national systems and among partners. Data assets of Plantwise are a strategic programmatic concern and there is a need to improve the quality of insights gained from them. We are looking for an early-career scientist with biology or agriculture background and strong data skills, who can help us collate, validate, manipulate, analyse, store and link large and complex datasets and provide quality assurance to these processes. Some experience in both geospatial data and analytics will be required especially in relation to trade, weather and demographic data.While the focus of the role is primarily on Plantiwse, the Knowledge Management & Data Team have a number of data-focused projects, and there may be opportunities to get involved in other areas.Key accountabilities: Sourcing third party datasets that add value to Plantwise data, inventorising assets and processing permissions, assessing ownership rights to reuse data Processing, checking, refining and analysing big and complex datasets from Plantwise and its partners Support to Geospatial Data Analyst and others on data science initiatives within Plantwise, including: Applying machine learning to clean plant clinic data and extracting insights from natural language text Applying statistical methods to anonymize and aggregate plant clinic data in preparation for publishing Spatial modelling and GIS analysis Using Plantwise clinic data in Datamodelling Support to development of data management procedures and tools to facilitate collaboration within CABI and broader research communities. Support Plantwise scientists and development professionals to produce high quality, reusable, FAIR, and where necessary open data from their activities. Collaboration in writing scientific publications including emphasis on data publications.CANDIDATE PROFILEWe are seeking a curious and enthusiastic individual with strong data skills to provide support for advancing data science work within Plantwise.Knowledge & SkillsREQUIRED: Data analysis, vizualisation, and reporting Proficiency in at least one statistical programming language, such as R or Python Good GIS skills: geospatial analyses and cartography Knowledge of biological, agricultural, environmental datasets and relevant statistical methods in these fields Knowledge of relational databases and skills in administering, transforming and manipulating large datasets Knowledge of good data management practices, scientific data standards and FAIR data principles Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite of packages. Fluent in English Excellent written communication skills.DESIRABLE: Knowledge of data preprocessing for machine learningEducation & QualificationsREQUIRED: A good degree in a scientific or numerate subjectDESIRABLE: A higher degree or equivalent in a scientific or numerate subjectExperience Project and operational experience within a complex and information rich environment, working with large and complex datasets, managing different data types and standards across a range of subject domains Experience in GIS and its application in scientific research and development projects Experience of working in multi-disciplinary teams and delivering outputs for technical and non-technical audiencesPersonal Characteristics Investigative and analytical with a willingness to embrace new approaches and technology Accurate; attention to detail and quality A team player with good interpersonal and communication skills; Self-motivated, able to work independently; Capacity to handle a demanding workload; Willingness to travel both in the UK and worldwide; Good personal organisational and problem solving skills;(12 months FTA, option for extension)EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES CABI is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation or marital status. No applicant will be disadvantaged by conditions which cannot be shown to be justified and selection will be based on merit."	"Wallingford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Cabi"	"Cabi"	"JS2597101/575469298"	"03/12/2018 15:57:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQPq"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Services roles"	""	"Tunbridge Wells, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Data Services roles"	"Tunbridge Wells, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Summary Flexibility to work from the Tunbridge Wells and Bristol offices and open to some home working.Do you work in data or analytics?  Could you use your skills to shape the future of healthcare?  Would you like to influence the development of a new data team?  We're a new team, built from scratch to transform the way that AXA analyses data.From gathering data to getting best practice out of it, to extracting business values and using them to design new products. We're all about disrupting the market, challenging big business, and thinking and working better. Now is your chance to be part of our evolving team.What Will You Be Doing? We are looking for people to be part of building a centre of excellence around data for AXA PPP. We have a variety of roles open right now, within two distinct areas; data management and business analysis, incorporating technical and business roles.Who Are We Looking For? While you could come from any sector, whichever route you're more interested in, you'll have a well-founded business background in and experience of data, analysis and management. Alongside this we're looking for people with an appetite for continuous learning, who are interested in areas like machine learning, data visualisation and the latest in data science, business, data governance, data insight and data management.You'll be excited by innovation, able to work with agility and you'll have the courage to challenge and work differently. You'll have an open mind and be eager to continually develop to keep up with the pace of our changing business. Confident and articulate, you'll be able to communicate clearly right across the business and to our customers.To apply and for more information, please click the APPLY button.Closing date: 6 December 2018  "	"Tunbridge Wells, Kent, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"AXA"	"AXA"	"JS2594474/569951110"	"03/12/2018 15:55:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQOm"	NA	NA	NA
"Project Manager"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" Why is our Data Transformation team the next step for you?  As one of the largest FinTech businesses in the world, Worldpay has put data at the centre of the company, by building a new Data Transformation team, spanning business and technology. At the heart of this is the Enterprise Data Platform (EDP), which is an innovative use of Big Data technologies, allowing Worldpay to provide powerful analytics to our customers. How will you contribute on a day-to-day basis?  In this role, you'll lead projects with end-to-end ownership across multiple concurrent projects with a varying scope and complexity. Initially the focus will be on a high level project, which you will control end-to-end. You will also be a key part of the overall programme of current and future initiatives with all teams across Data Technology, working alongside the Leader to create the roadmaps.  Success will mean the delivery of the projects within time and budget. As well as that - the effective coordination and cohesion of the multi-functional teams as the projects will run across teams like Data Science and Data Governance. You'll participate in the continual improvement of delivery processes. What will make you the ideal fit?  You'll have solid Project Management experience, ideally with data or Big Data projects (knowledge of Hadoop, Hortonworks would be an advantage). Strong track record of delivering work in an agile technical environment and ideally some experience with data-related projects.  We're looking for someone who can build positive relationships with partners across the business and data technology teams. To succeed in this role, you will be a self-starter and team builder, to see the teams though change. The focus of the role is innovations and improvements of the way we use, store and analyse the data on the EDP, so you will always be looking for new tools or techniques for you and the team to use. Why Worldpay?  Worldpay has merged with Vantiv Inc. to create a new global leader in payments. The new Worldpay will have the scale, the reach and the resources to take our success story to another level. This move allows us to expand further into high growth markets, deliver innovation at scale and above all, brings together exceptional talent and a shared passion that will help propel us forward to the next chapter of our collective story.  Our technology enables billions of payments to be made each year whether online or in person. Working with customers large and small we help them to take payments quickly, safely and reliably, allowing them to grow their businesses and making your life more convenient in the process. "	"London, UK"	"Engineering"	NA	NA	"Worldpay"	"Worldpay"	"JS3583_A0K5800000LAMSZEAN/594260433"	"01/12/2018 19:09:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk6sK"	NA	NA	NA
"Lead Project Manager"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lead Project Manager"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Why is our Chief Data Office team the next step for you? As one of the largest FinTech businesses in the world, Worldpay has put data at the centre of the company with a dedicated CDO team. This team's focus is to develop and execute the global data strategy, with the Lead Project Manager being instrumental in driving teams and projects including some of our more creative solutions.How will you contribute on a day-to-day basis? In this role, you'll lead multi-functional teams with end-to-end ownership across multiple concurrent projects with a varying scope and complexity. You will also be a key part of the overall programme of current and future initiatives with all teams across both Data Technology and CDO. Success will mean the delivery of the projects within time and budget. As well as that - the effective coordination and cohesion of the multi-functional teams as the projects will run across teams like Data Science and Data Governance. You'll participate in the continual improvement of delivery processes.What will make you the ideal fit? You'll have extensive Project Management experience ideally handling multiple projects at the same time. Strong track record of delivering work in a technical environment and ideally some experience with data-related projects. Experience with Agile working methodologies, will be desirable. We're looking for someone who can build positive relationships with partners across the business and data teams through open and transparent dialogue. To succeed in this role, you will be a self-starter and team builder, to see the teams though change. The focus of the role is innovations and improvements of the way we use, store and analyse data so you will always be looking for a way to grow your craft - new tools or techniques for you and the team to use.Why Worldpay? Worldpay has merged with Vantiv Inc. to create a new global leader in payments. The new Worldpay will have the scale, the reach and the resources to take our success story to another level. This move allows us to expand further into high growth markets, deliver innovation at scale and above all, brings together exceptional talent and a shared passion that will help propel us forward to the next chapter of our collective story. Our technology enables billions of payments to be made each year whether online or in person. Working with customers large and small we help them to take payments quickly, safely and reliably, allowing them to grow their businesses and making your life more convenient in the process."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	NA	"Worldpay"	"Worldpay"	"JS3583_A0K5800000OEFYJEAS/594260430"	"01/12/2018 19:09:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk6sE"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Marketing Data Scientist - 12 month FTC"	""	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Senior Marketing Data Scientist - 12 month FTC"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Why is our Senior Marketing Data Scientist position the next step for you?This is an exciting role working on a high profile strategic initiative within Worldpay UK.We've invested heavily in leading-edge data capabilities and we're looking for a senior data scientist with a consumer insights background to join a small, entrepreneurial team looking to exploit this technology by commercialising our payments data.How will you add value on a day-to-day basis?You'll report into the head of our new consumer insights proposition and play a pivotal role in shaping the success of this service by leading the analytical development of new, data-driven marketing products for our corporate customers - which include many of the UK's largest retail and hospitality businesses.To help steer this analytical development, you'll liaise directly with corporate customers, in conjunction with the head of the proposition and our corporate sales team, to help gather their requirements, deliver pilot analysis and test product prototypes.As a senior member of the team, you'll also work alongside the head of the proposition to help co-ordinate workstream activities for two other, more Junior Analysts within the team and help foster a team environment that encourages best practice sharing for coding, analytics and modelling.What will make you the ideal candidate?You'll need to be passionate about consumer data and relish the opportunity to turn a rich transactional dataset into compelling new insight.We are looking for at least 5 years' data science experience at a marketing or consumer insights agency, or a consumer-facing organisation. Strong analytical skills are critical to this role so you'll be highly numerate, with a degree or relevant higher qualification in a quantitative subject. You'll also bring excellent SQL and statistical analysis skills, with hands-on experience of using R to apply statistical techniques such as k-means clustering, principal components analysis, CHAID and multivariate regressions.Strong communication and influencing skills are also core to this role as you'll be expected to deliver insights to customers and engage with a variety of senior business stakeholders across our corporate sales and marketing teams.How is Worldpay changing the world?We are leaders in modern money. Each and every time you use your debit card or credit card to pay for something, whether online or face-to-face, there's a good chance it happened because of us. On an annual basis our innovations, systems and technology enable billions of money transactions globally. Working with customers large and small, we help them to take your payments quickly, safely and reliably, allowing them to grow their businesses and making your life more convenient in the process. As a leader in global Fin-Tech and the largest London IPO since 2011, this is a great time to join us in building for the next phase of the Worldpay journey."	"London, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing"	NA	NA	"Worldpay"	"Worldpay"	"JS3583_A0K5800000G0REEEAF/587223491"	"29/11/2018 18:09:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GjjUW"	NA	NA	NA
"Business Intelligence Manager"	"£70k - £75k per annum"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Business Intelligence Manager"	"City of London - £70k - £75k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Business Intelligence ManagerLondonCirca £75,000I'm currently working on a new permanent vacancy for a Business Intelligence Manager to join my client at their central London office.I'm looking for someone who has experience across all things data (governance, warehouse, modelling, migration you name it!) who would be happy to lead a growing team of analysts.This is an exciting time for the business and subsequently for the successful BI Manager. This role will offer the mixture of both a strategic and hands on role across both Business Intelligence & analytics. You will still be responsible for reviewing code and reports as well as providing leadership across the BI team/You will be working with a bespoke Business Intelligence stack and be responsible for maintaining the infrastructure that underpins the BI solutions. This could include training teams across the stack as well as working with stakeholders across the business to ensure better data driven decisions.To be considered for the role you should be able to demonstrate the following:Strong SQL & data warehousing knowledgeExperience leading a teamGood understanding or commercial experience in an analytical/data science environmentA good understanding of the various BI tools that are available in the marketAs mentioned this is a highly exciting and above all interesting time to join the team. As well as being able to bring your own stamp to the role you will be rewarded with a generous holiday allowance, free fruit and breakfasts and access to an employee share plan to name a few.Modis International Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Modis International Ltd UK is an Equal Opportunities Employer.By applying for this role your details will be submitted to Modis. Our Candidate Privacy Information Statement explains how we will use your information "	"City of London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£70k - £75k per annum"	"Modis"	"Louise Page "	"JS-1154228"	"27/11/2018 17:30:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkRIJ"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Management & Governance Manager"	"£85k - £100k per annum + Car allowance, Pension, benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Management & Governance Manager"	"London - £85k - £100k per annum + Car allowance, Pension, benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Who are we?Number 1 in Data & Analytics for two consecutive years, this Big 4 Consultancy are taking the world by storm and shaping the industries future. With 16,000 partners and staff working across more than 20 offices in the UK, this global leader is part of a strong network enabling thousands of innovative solutions to be delivered across the financial services and banking sector. With the Data team growing at a rapid pace, we are now looking for a Data Manager to come on board and join this world leading firm. This is a fantastic opportunity for any Data Managers with retail or investment banking experience to showcase their skills and work on new exciting and challenging projects. You will also have access to ongoing training to progress your career into Director level roles. The Role:You will be leading large client data management work-streams and with responsibility for overseeing the data systems development to ensure it meets all regulatory requirements and best standards of data governance. You will also be the data management SME on large transformation projects, whilst advising clients on the best strategy for their business needs.You shall be liaising with stakeholders to advise on the best ways of structuring and storing data in a secure manner. You will be responsible for growing the data management function through identifying new business and take responsibility for securing the consulting opportunities.You will also be responsible for driving the direction of all coaching and training initiatives for the members of your team, supporting them to make tactful decisions. Who we are looking for: You MUST have a strong technical background in Data Architecture, Governance, Regulatory Compliance, Data Lineage, Taxonomy and ideally be educated to degree level.You will have experience in Banking, Capital Markets or Insurance. This is a MUST.You will have an expert knowledge of the banking business drivers and regulations such as Solvency II, IFRS, AML, BCBS 239, FATCA, Dodd Frank.You have experience in incorporating Big Data, Data Science and Cloud technologies into your programmes.It is likely that the successful candidate will have gained their experience through a major management consultancy, but equally those candidates who have experience in Leading Data Management and Governance functions from within more than one major financial institution will also be considered.You must be flexible in terms of assignment location, as projects may be based across the UK and occasionally overseas.Why Join? Join one of the Big 4's, Ranked Number 1 in Data & Analytics by Forresters for two years in a row.No limitations in training - Anything that contributes to your success as an employee which is work related, you will get time off to maximise and facilitate your training.Flexible working options - 1 or 2 days a week and not to mention, Flexi-working options too so you can start later or finish earlier!Fantastic career progression and direction - Your progression is reviewed every THREE months instead of annually so you can work your way up the ranks faster!Join our family and work with our extensive list of 1st tier clientsDress down and casual environment unless you're on client site.Facilitated movement across the company to work in different teams.An extensive and rewarding benefits package including an on-site gym, season ticket loans and more If you believe you have the skills it takes to impress us, we'd love to hear from you and welcome you on board to the family - APPLY NOW!We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnerships, pregnancy or maternity or age"	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£85k - £100k per annum + Car allowance, Pension, benefits"	"Lorien"	"Manisha Singh "	"JS-50186592"	"28/11/2018 11:33:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXSQ"	NA	"Executive"	NA
"Senior Project Manager"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Project Manager"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Project Manager - Insights & DataLocation: Any UK baseThe focus of your roleTo work as part of the Insights and Data (I&D) Delivery Management practice which specialise in data and information led projects and programmes. Your role will be to manage projects for clients that are contracted on a fixed price and time & materials basis. Clients will be in any sector and projects managed can be of different degrees of complexity or size. Typically, technologies will be around bespoke and packaged based products and will cover a broad spectrum of the major technologies. Project management methodologies used will be structured or agile and experience of managing projects using either type of methodology is expected. At Capgemini part of the Project Manager role includes commercial management so you will be expected to manage project financials both internally and externally with the client.What you'll doYou will take ownership for delivering project for clients including all aspects of project management and be accountable for the budget and outcomes.Take handover from Sales during the sales to delivery handover.Define a project plan acceptable to the client and within the constraints of the contract.Build a resource profile aligned to the project plan with an appropriate pyramid and on-shore/off-shore ratio.Manage projects day-to-day ensuring that risks, issues and dependencies are recorded, escalated and reported as appropriate.Manage daily project activities ensuring that on-shore and off-shore resources are aligned and working towards the common goal.Complete project status reports and present project status (including financials) at the monthly internal project reviews.Raise change requests to the contract as required.Ensure that invoices are raised and cash collected in a timely manner.Provide accurate project forecasts.Build key client relationships and improve project profitability by selling additional work and/or resources into the client.Contribute to the I&D engagement management community.What you'll bringYou will be an exemplary Project Manager:You will have substantial experience of day-to-day management of project teams at multiple locations both on-shore and off-shore.You will be comfortable managing technical resources, be able to grasp technical issues and to guide your team to resolve technical project issues.Projects delivered will include any or all of the following: data warehouse, data analysis, master data management, data science, data migration, structured & self-service reporting.You will have experience in delivering projects based on both structured and agile methodologies.Experience of the role of a Scrum Master would be particularly valuable.You will be able to demonstrate that you have commercial experience that includes managing projects based on both fixed price and time & materials contracts.You will be able to show where you have managed clients in difficult situations and succeeded in achieving a positive outcome.You will have built sustainable relationships with customers at middle-top and top management level, utilising these for successful delivery and in seeking out further business opportunities.You are likely to have identified and taken the lead in major pursuits resulting in new or additional business.Recognised both internally and by clients for providing effective relationship and commercial management in complex delivery and sales environmentsCapable of developing and delivering formal presentations to senior clients in both delivery and sales situations.Clearly recognised for delivery and subject matter leadership.Your creativity in both sales and delivery:Comfortable within a consulting led sales model.Architect innovative solutions which delivers value to clients whilst handling internal risk.Use the appropriate range of Capgemini capabilities to bring value to clients.Able to lead and guide clients into thinking about the overall business change and deployment agenda.Be an inspiring leader in a service offer or sector; leads generation of points of view or service offers, ensuring output is business led and emphasises Capgemini differentiators.Excellent staff management and leadership:Evidence of the successful development of staff on engagements.Capable of acting as mentor and or reviewer; ensures staff have career and development plans and that these are achievable.Ability to motivate and lead sizeable engagement teams of Capgemini and client staff.Flexible about work content and location and able to work independently on client site.What we'll offer youProfessional development. Accelerated career progression. An environment that encourages entrepreneurial spirit. It's all on offer at Capgemini. And although collaboration is at the core of the way we work, we also recognise individual needs with a flexible benefits package you can tailor to suit you."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	NA	"Pontoon - Capgemini"	"Lewis Ball "	"JS-LB-SPM"	"30/11/2018 10:08:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkprJ"	NA	NA	NA
"Team Lead Big Data Engineer ( Azure )"	"£85k - 90k per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Team Lead Big Data Engineer ( Azure )"	"London - £85k - 90k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Big Data tech team lead is required for an exciting technology consultancy firm based in a popular Central London location. This opportunity is for a big data tech lead with Hadoop, Microsoft Azure and team lead experience to join a very successful multinational company who believes in its people, their on going development and their talent. Joining this company will make you part of a unique and experienced big data team in their London officeWhat's in it for you:The Big Data Engineer position will have a competitive salary of up to £90,000 plus strong benefits.Exposure to a cutting-edge learning environmentDirect influence on the end-to-end product lifestyleExposure to a cutting-edge learning environmentVery friendly and supportive environmentKey Skills and Experiences of the Big Data Engineer:Strong administration experience on Big Data Hadoop Ecosystem.Exposure to hands on experience with Microsoft AzureExperience in continuous integrationCommercial Spark experienceScala expertiseBuild prototypes and data models using Pyspark, Spark, Python or ScalaData pipeline management tools Previous experience of working for a Consultancy company (desirable)This is an opportunity as a Tech team lead to join a rapidly successful multinational technology and consulting company. Please apply for the position through this website.Keywords - lead Big Data Engineer, Machine Learning, Python, Scala, Hadoop, Unix Shell, Big Data, AWS, Spark, Amazon, Cloud Architect, GCP, PIG, Data science, GCP, AWS, Azure, GIT, ANT, Maven, Gradle, Cloudera Manager, Nagios, Big Data, Hadoop, Perl, Groovy, Troubleshooting Venturi (TVGL Inc.) is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, sex (including pregnancy), gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military/veteran status, national origin, ancestry, race, creed, religion, sexual orientation, transgender status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, domestic violence victim status, criminal or arrest record, unemployment status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.  "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"02 January 2019"	"£85k - 90k per year"	"Venturi Limited"	"Ben Quinn"	"JSBQTL3827"	"02/12/2018 13:15:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE7u"	NA	NA	NA
"Regional Marketing Director"	""	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Regional Marketing Director"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Regional Marketing Director - Guildford  The Regional Marketing Director (RMD) reports directly to the Regional General Manager and Matrix reports to the VP, Strategy and Marketing. The RMD is responsible for building a pipeline of Breakthrough Innovations (BTI) and New Product Innovations (NPI) that address growth opportunities in the region, and for developing new potential business to grow the future revenue pipeline. The RMD leads a small local marketing team to deliver the Strategic Plan, conduct market research and identify local market dynamics, and support new product launches in the region. The successful candidate for this position will be a member of the UOP regional leadership team and the UOP global marketing team.  RESPONSIBILITIESDevelop strategic plans that enable UOP to grow faster than the market, and that align with UOP's global Strategic Plan.Lead development and launch of regional NPI and BTI initiatives.Pilot, incubate, iterate, and fail fast to develop and launch new and profitable business models for UOP.Support expansion of successful new business models.Manage strategic marketing and business development activities.Define and execute business development strategies aligned to the strategic plan.Pursue new business opportunities with new and existing customers to drive revenue growth.Develop partnerships, venture capital opportunities, and pilot new business models to drive revenue growth.Align functional plans with the strategic plan. Lead integrated cross-functional teams to execute plan to drive outstanding financial results.Hire, assess, develop and grow strategic marketing organization locally.Use management operating system to drive results.Being involved in the execution stage of multi-million dollar deals (understanding business models is key for this process.Be a link to the Regional General Manager. Lead the marketing team to deliver: Portfolio analysis and assessment to identify revenue and growth plans by market and product segment.Identification and evaluation of organic growth strategies by product line, globally.Identification and evaluation of inorganic growth strategies including acquisitions, alliance, licensing, and partnership opportunities linked to the strategic plan.Fact-based analysis of market trends; competitive data; technology advancements; and customer needs assessment and new product developments.Creation of a prioritised strategic technology development plan for the business.Development of regional strategic plans to expand globally.PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CHARACTERISTICS  The successful candidate will be expected to be a high-energy, creative, and resourceful self-starter who demonstrates leadership skills and instincts. He/she is highly intelligent and enthusiastic with a commitment to excellence. In terms of personal competencies, the successful candidate must be a hands-on person who possesses the best combination of strategic thinking that also leads to actual results. He/she must be able to balance theoretical thought with practical execution. In addition, he/she should possess the following competencies:  Strategic Marketing Skills: Recognizes patterns, identifies and can value business opportunities, and takes calculated risks to learn quickly. Makes a strong link between strategy and functional results.  Leadership: A confident person with the ability to connect and inspire others. A proven track record of leadership that leads to concrete results. Results Oriented: A driver who possesses the ability to take actions and implement effective solutions in a timely manner.  Problem Solver: A creative yet pragmatic problem solver. Methodical and hands-on, as well as detail-oriented.  Analytical Thinking and Decision-Making: A \"conceptualizer\" of enterprise and market trends/issues who can then integrate that thinking into effective delivery programs. Decisive and logical when thoroughly evaluating issues. Excellent planning, execution and project-management skills. Teamwork and Interpersonal Skills: A team player and builder, receptive to ideas from others. Shares information and keeps team members and partners informed. Works effectively with others to identify and resolve issues. Excellent interpersonal skills and an ability to interact successfully with all levels of management as well as a diverse work force. Bottom line, an ability to interact with all levels of management, to inspire in a way that others want to make things happen. Ethics: Highest level of professional integrity and honesty as well as personal credibility.  Basic Qualifications: BS degree in Science or Engineering is required (including data science, IT, and related computer science and engineering degrees)Ten (10) plus year's professional experience in the Gas Processing, Refining and/or Petrochemical industry (including consulting to the industry).Power generation, Power Distribution, Distributed Generation, and/or Utility industry experience a plusFour (4) plus years of marketing/technology experience including Digital product development and launch and/or Global B2B Marketing is requiredFluency in English is requiredRecommended Qualifications: An MBA (with marketing or finance focus preferable) is considered idealAbility to perform financial analysis to help make business decisionsStrong business aptitude and interest; understanding and application of basic marketing frameworksExperience with the implementation of new business development and marketing initiatives that lead to profitable growthProven track record of successful implementation (on time and on budget) of technology or marketing programs preferredFinancial sales experience, pay-for-performance, and/or performance contracting sales experience preferredIntellectual curiosity: to learn, to ask questionsAbility to influence multifunctional teams without a direct reporting relationshipStrong execution and deadline focusStrong written and verbal communication and presentation skillsGood judgement and decision making skillsA Highly motivated self-starterTravel Requirements: It is expected that the candidate in this position may travel globally up to 25% of the time. What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Talent Solutions is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, Energy"	NA	NA	"Hays Talent Solutions"	"Erin Hughes"	"JS-3486953"	"03/12/2018 15:03:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQQ7"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	"£50k - £60k per annum + Bens"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - £50k - £60k per annum + Bens"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"PYTHON/PANDAS/SCIPY/SK-LEARN/SK IMAGE/MERCURIAL/GIT/XUNIT/NLP/JAVA/SCALA/SPARK/PYTHON/SHELLSCRIPTING/UNIX/NEO4J/CYPHER/SQL/JSON/DATAPELINES/DATA SCHEMA/JAVA/SCALA/SPARK/PYTHON/MACHINE LEARNING/DEVOPS/Shell ScriptingAre you looking for your next exciting permanent role as Data Scientist in a market leading technology company in Cheltenham?Latest technologies and evolution/learning sound like key words for you?Are you looking for a flat structure kind of environment? If so, read on!My client has received significant investment and their growth plans are exciting for anyone interested in the meeting points of cutting edge technology and retail.We are seeking a skilled Data Scientist who has a proven track record in data analysis to help build the Intelligence Platform (including data analytics and autonomous capabilities) and grow this practice through the delivery of recommendation and insights. You will have a strong interest (and proven track record, academic or commercial) in technical problem-solving, and delivering real solutions to real problems.If you are looking for a collaborative environment where your saying counts, then this is the Team for you. You will be part of their Research and Development Team and will play a crucial role in designing systems and processes to help the company's future strategy and direction. You will get involved in data collection and analysis, algorithm development, machine learning and modelling.You must have the current right to work in the UK to be considered.You will have exposure to algorithm design and machine learning techniques and a background as a research engineer/scientist/developer (academic or commercial), data analysis, visualization and modelling.You will have experience of relevant software environments/tools and libraries for data research (eg Python with pandas, scipy, sk-learn, sk-image or equivalent) with config control (eg Mercurial, Git) and test frameworks (eg xUnit). You will have experience of algorithm tuning, configuration, evaluation and MIS-classification analysis.On a daily basis you will get involved in:Creation of modules to support the production of information and insights from data for use by other teams (including software teams)Develop manual, semi-automated and automated methods to extract information from dataDelivery of solutions;Participate in the software development life cycleDiscerning patterns in data and assist in root cause analysis and troubleshooting of Data Quality Issues;Desirable skills:Shell Scripting;Experience working in a Unix environment;DevOps.Java, Scala and/or SparkPython (and relevant data science packages)If you fit the description above and are interested please send an up to date CV ASAP as they are looking to move quite quickly with this role.Talent International are acting as an employment agency in regards the role of Data Scientist.PYTHON/PANDAS/SCIPY/SK-LEARN/SK IMAGE/MERCURIAL/GIT/XUNIT/NLP/JAVA/SCALA/SPARK/PYTHON/SHELLSCRIPTING/UNIX/NEO4J/CYPHER/SQL/JSON/DATAPELINES/DATA SCHEMA/JAVA/SCALA/SPARK/PYTHON/MACHINE LEARNING/DEVOPS/Shell Scripting"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k - £60k per annum + Bens"	"Talent International"	"Susanna Firmo "	"JS-DATA SCIENTIST"	"30/11/2018 14:01:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqF9"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Architect"	"£55k - £58k per annum + Additional Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Architect"	"London - £55k - £58k per annum + Additional Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"ProfileProven experience working as a Data Architect, ETL specialist and/or hands-on Reporting lead, alongside a proven ability to augment existing data structures, an understanding of interactive reporting facilities, and the ability to translate business/functional requirements into business results for our clients.The Data Architect will be responsible for delivering an interactive Dashboard, and for the creation of a near-Real Time data ecosystem.Requirements for the role:Design experience in enhancing existing data architecturesDesign experience in recommending and implementing new data architecturesHands-on experience in designing, creating and implementing star schemas, ETL and smart reporting solutionsIn-depth knowledge of Microsoft BI stack, and knowledge of more advanced data warehousing options (eg Hadoop, etc.). Proven track-record in creating MS Power BI dashboardsExperience within the FS servicesUnderstanding on data architecture to support analytics is a plusUnderstanding on Big Data ecosystem/toolsExperience in Data Warehousing, ETL, Data Processing or Data Architecture and in DashboardingExperience and Education Experience working in Data Engineering as a Data Architect or ETL specialist with experience creating data structures to support reporting and analyticsDesired education qualification - MSc or PhD (Computer Science or other IT subjects, Engineering, Big Data and Data Science)Proficient in using programming languages (SQL mainly, R, Python, a plus) for data wrangling.Proficient in MS BI stack, with specific focus on advanced reporting capabilitiesExperience testing and validating dashboardsExperience in engineering Big Data solutions. Experience in using cloud computing platforms and big data tools (eg Spark) is desirableExperience with other leading data visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlick technology is a plusNetworkers acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers and is part of Gattaca Plc. Gattaca Plc provides support services to Networkers and may assist with processing your application."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£55k - £58k per annum + Additional Benefits"	"Networkers"	"Maddison Smith "	"JS-EMP426476"	"03/12/2018 09:34:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlMNO"	NA	NA	NA
"DBA: Mongo, MySQL, DevOps, IoT"	"£50k-£85k + Bonus + Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"DBA: Mongo, MySQL, DevOps, IoT"	"London - £50k-£85k + Bonus + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Key words: - PKI, IAM, Cloud, IOT, IOE, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ, Linux, Agile Company Profile An industry leader in security solutions who provide an invaluable service to businesses, Cloud service providers and IoT innovators around the world. They already have millions of users who take advantage of their secure online communications services; who all have verified digital identities (through automated authentication and encryption). It really is PKI and IAM on a huge scale supporting billions of services, devices and people. A multinational company on an upwards trajectory. The Job You will be working as part of a tightknit infrastructure team as a DBA with a DevOps mentality, the idea being to improve the performance of databases across projects. You will be working with SQL tables and JSON documents selecting the right tool for each job and optimizing the configuration and schema for the use-case. Automation is a big part of the job and your opinion will always be heard. Day to Day You will be building and optimising their database real estate Use monitoring and alerting to ensure proactive issue resolution Perform life cycle management and scaling Stability and performance monitoring and management across all layers of the system Schedule and perform updates to ensure the latest security and bug fixes are applied and all new features are made available Develop tools and scripts in order to automate regular tasks. Work with the infrastructure team to set up one-touch deployment and centralised management of database Servers. Research new technologies in order to prototype their use and recommend the optimum solution for potential problems Work with the engineering team in order to identify the best tool for a job and ensure it is deployed and configured appropriately Tech Stack MongoDB PostgreSQL MySQL ElasticSearch RabbitMQ Qualifications/Experience Bachelor degrees in Computer/Data science or equivalent practical experience Commercial experience in a DBA role: set up, admin and optimisation Experience of administrating and troubleshooting Linux and/or FreeBSD systems Scripting experience - eg (Python, Javascript, Ruby) Commercial experience in benchmarking, clustering and tuning databases for performance, reliability, high availability and scalbility DevOps experience with one or more of (chef/puppet, foreman, rundeck/ansible) preferable Understanding of networking concepts and version control systems "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£50k-£85k + Bonus + Benefits"	"Optima Connections"	"JIm Smart "	"JSDBAMON2"	"03/12/2018 11:29:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlN4z"	NA	NA	NA
"Marketing Effectiveness, Marketing Mix Modelling - Econometrics"	"£45k - £60k per annum + bonus,Pension, healthcare"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Marketing Effectiveness, Marketing Mix Modelling - Econometrics"	"London - £45k - £60k per annum + bonus,Pension, healthcare"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior Econometrician/Marketing Effectiveness specialist - London - Leading Bank, SAS, Eviews, Media Effectiveness, Market MixSkills - Econometric modelling, Time Series, SAS, Eviews, Media, Marketing Mix, Media MixMajor leading bank is looking for an Econometrics specialist to join their expanding team on a permanent basis. The company is a well-known business with a great reputation in the industry, with exciting plans to be the number one provider in their field. Using complex econometric techniques including Time Series Analysis and Panel Data Regression, you will be measuring the effectiveness of financial product and services - recommending marketing strategy based on the results. Using mainly Eviews and SAS, your team will provide custom made models and in turn, marketing strategy recommendations. You will be managing a team of modelling experts who specialise in optimising Marketing and Media effectiveness throughout multichannel environments.This is a leading bank which works with well-known media products and agencies. Moreover it is a professional company that prides itself on its creativity, work flexibility and individual growth. Competitive salary, a great benefits package with work life balance.This role requires:- A numerate degree (or equivalent) such as Economics, Econometrics, Maths or Statistics - Understanding and experience of building econometric models and an aptitude to apply them in a media and marketing context - Good written and oral communication skills - be an articulate, positive and professional communicator - High degree of drive, energy, self-confidence, commitment and flexibility appropriate to a merit-based environment. - Self-motivated and results oriented individual with excellent numeracy & analytical skills. - Good organisational and time management skills: ability to multitask and prioritise workloadContact Munveer Jabbal on (see below) for more information.Parallel Consulting is a multi-awarding winning, global leader in Analytics & Data Science recruitment. With over 12 years expertise, we assist our clients within Analytics, Customer & Marketing Insight, Web Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Credit Risk and BI."	"London, UK"	"Finance, Sales and Marketing, Media"	NA	"£45k - £60k per annum + bonus,Pension, healthcare"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Munveer Jabbal "	"JS-2020"	"28/11/2018 09:26:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWEQ"	NA	NA	NA
"SC Cleared AI Architect"	"market rates"	"Basingstoke"	"Contract"	"SC Cleared AI Architect"	"Basingstoke - market rates"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Role: SC Cleared AI ArchitectDuration: 6 monthsLocation: BasingstokeStart Date: ASAPJob Description:We are looking for new Bid Apps Architects, at varying levels of technical ability and experience, to join our dynamic bid team. They will work closely with the Sales and Offerings teams to produce bid collateral on a wide variety of bids and tenders which vary in size and complexity. Working alongside a team of dedicated professionals, you will be driven to provide better, faster, more effective solutions. This is a fast paced environment where you will have the chance to grow and build upon your existing knowledge and ability. The work is challenging, but overall it is extremely rewarding. You will work with the latest technology offering ground breaking solutions to everyday problems.An Application Architect will be expected to:Work with the bid team to design solutions that meet or exceed the customer requirements.Present solutions to senior management and customers.Take ownership of Designs for specific application components of the overall solution.Ensure the designs produced are fit for purpose and are capable of being put through Design Approval Board (DAB).Provide input into reports, when required, to the customer.Liaise with and assist with managing 3rd parties and their technical deliverablesProvide impact assessments on customer and internal Change RequestsProvide estimates for design and development work using appropriate tooling and logicContribute to bid proposalsEngage with and mange customer expectations, and design to meet these.Provide consultancy to customers and third-parties on technical subjects of expertiseLead design and delivery of applications solutions and delivery teamKey Accountabilities: Defines major technical projects for customers or Fujitsu Services, influencing their view of acceptable investment level.Determines strategies, architectures and proposals.Shapes technical proposals to be acceptable to the customer and may make solution/service trade-offs.May manage a large design team, defining the approach to larger/more complex solution development and acceptance testing, and identifying strategic level risks and remedies.Determines the approach to whole classes of business, leading and influencing others in the development of new offerings.Works with customers to understand their business strategy and develop IT strategies and architecture for significant areas of their business.Manages a team to agree customer requirements and produce the design, setting high level criteria for the design of major solutions and exercising design control over the implementation.Communicates the impact of emerging technologies on customer and Fujitsu Services business to senior level customers and Fujitsu Services businesses.Shares knowledge with colleagues and makes useful additions to the Fujitsu knowledge base.Key Performance Indicators:Tangible feedback from customers and/or sales that major technical project definitions have influenced investment decisions. Regularly has technical strategies, architectures and proposals, incorporating trade-offs from the original specification, accepted by the relevant Business Approval review, without any requirement for significant proposal changes.Authors design and test documents for large, complex solution developments, incorporating strategic level risks and remedies and manages a large design team to achieve documented handover criteria.Can evidence a leading role in the development of new offerings.Documented feedback, from customers and/or sales, that IT strategies and architecture for significant areas of the customers' business have been developed as a result of working with the customer to understand their business strategy.Authors high level design documents for major solutions, managing design requirements and implementation teams and maintains an audit trail for an effective design control process.Delivers presentations and \"white papers\" on the impact of emerging technologies to senior customer and Fujitsu business representatives.Regular contribution to, and user of, company knowledge repositories and events.Mandatory Skills Required:TensorFlow and Python or similarNatural Language Processing using Stanford NLP Library or similarJupyter WorkbookElastic Search, Logstash and Kibana (ELK)Apache SparkHadoopIt is most likely the ideal candidate would have completed a Mathematics or Computer Science Degree which covered Data Science and Machine Learning or have since obtained practical experience.Desirable Skills Required:Knowledge with TOGAFSOA, EAIEnterprise SearchOpen source productsDevOps practisesAutomationContinuous integration/deliveryThe ideal candidate will be SC cleared or eligible and willing to undergo the relevant checks.Please submit CVs in the first instance."	"Basingstoke, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"market rates"	"Experis IT"	"Rachel Eccles"	"JS-J391515A"	"28/11/2018 11:34:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXS3"	"6 months"	NA	NA
"Senior Data Analyst/Consultant - SQL/Tableau"	"£40k - £50k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Data Analyst/Consultant - SQL/Tableau"	"London - £40k - £50k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 30 November 2018"	""	"Senior Data Analyst/Consultant - SQL/Tableau This is a fantastic opportunity to join an innovative mobile technologies organisation, currently going through an exciting expansion period, working closely with some of their global clients and providing them with vital data statistics! Our client are looking for a talented individual to join their team and support numerous data and analytic solutions for clients, including world-renowned international mobile operators.The chosen candidate will perform a range of data and consultancy tasks, working closely with new and existing clients and relevant teams within the business to ensure clients achieve their business objectives. It will be your responsibility to manage the delivery of analytics and reporting solutions, covering database design and development, statistical analysis, customer analytics, predictive modelling, visualisation, reporting design and reporting production. Additionally you will manage deliverables  within timescales and budgets in areas such as segmentation, correlations, decision trees, churn predictions, propensity models and dashboards, as well as responding to any information, data or insight requests. You will also be tasked with coaching and mentoring a junior member of staff, as well as monitoring their performance level and ensuring they are producing efficient reporting and modelling services. As well as developing new techniques and models to increase effectiveness, you will also build dashboard solutions and data strategies, tests, experiments and marketing campaigns. Please note: this role may include some occasional travel between international sites. To be considered for the role, you will need the following skills and/or experience:  At least 5 years' experience in a similar role   Previous experience as a senior member of a data science/analytics team   Strong hands-on SQL and Tableau experience   Strong communication skills   Experience within the telecoms or communications sector would be very beneficial  Qualserv Consulting Ltd is acting as a Recruitment Consultancy/Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy and advert. Qualserv Consulting is an Equal Opportunities Employer. Key words: data, analytic, analytics, analyst, consultant, consulting, consultancy, solutions, strategies, services, mobile, technology, operators, telco, telecommunications, telecoms, data-driven, customer acquisition, segmentation, customer lifetime value, customer retention, propensity modelling, churn, purchasing, platform, database, design, development, statistical, visualisation, reporting, report, predictive modelling, correlations, decision trees, information, insight, info, initiatives, workstream, stakeholders, clients, telecom, SQL, Tableau, MSSQL"	"London, UK"	"IT, Sales and Marketing, Consulting"	NA	"£40k - £50k per annum"	"Qualserv Consulting"	"Robert Pask"	"JSBIBB0043 ANALYST"	"30/11/2018 15:47:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkqON"	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Web Analyst - Adobe Analytics - Google Analytics"	"£40k - £55k per annum + bonus, benefits, Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Web Analyst - Adobe Analytics - Google Analytics"	"London - £40k - £55k per annum + bonus, benefits, Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Digital Web Analyst - London - *UP TO £55,000*  A high profile role for a Web Analyst in a leading household name who are currently building throughout Digital and Analytics. Offering the opportunity to work for a company with real ambition and drive.  This south coast based firm has a highly dependent salary package upon the right candidate with the experience and skills to push the company to new heights.  Responsibilities:  - Planning and delivering advanced analysis of data from specific sets  - Developing processes for improved data capture to allow action to be taken  - Providing insight which supports business migration to improved systems  Essential Skills Required:  - Strong technical abilities including Site Catalyst and Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics  - Experience of A/B multivariate testing  - Previous work within insights and relaying this insight to stakeholders  Desirable Skills:  - Strong communication abilities, preferably speaking with senior stakeholders  - Experience with Data Visualisation tools  - Working knowledge of social media analytics tools  - Good understanding of either SQL, SAS or SPSS.  Qualifications:  - Degree qualified with a 2:1 or above in a relevant field  For more details please contact Munveer Jabbal at (see below) Parallel Consulting is a multi-awarding winning, global leader in Analytics & Data Science recruitment. With over 12 years expertise, we assist our clients within Analytics, Customer & Marketing Insight, Web Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Credit Risk and BI."	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£40k - £55k per annum + bonus, benefits, Pension"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Munveer Jabbal "	"JS-3000"	"03/12/2018 09:11:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLzH"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Credit Risk Analyst - SAS, SQL, Strategic Analytics"	"£40k - £65k per annum + Bonus, Pension, benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Credit Risk Analyst - SAS, SQL, Strategic Analytics"	"City of London - £40k - £65k per annum + Bonus, Pension, benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Senior Credit Risk Analyst£40k - £65k + bonus, healthcare, pensionPermanentLondonSAS, SQL, Credit Risk AnalyticsThe RoleMy Client is looking for an excellent, experience risk analyst to work within their Credit Cards and Personal Loans portfolios. You will delve into existing customer portfolios and perform analysis to provide commercial insight. Your analysis will involve cut offs, credit line increase and decrease and acquisitions for some of the bank's largest portfolios. You will have direct access to senior stakeholders and present your findings in a non-technical way for the senior stakeholders.The CompanyMy client is a leader within retail banking in the UK and has pushed analytics to the forefront of the business over the past year. They have invested heavily into their analytics department ensuring access to the best technologies and some of the largest and most unique datasets in the country. They are headed up by highly experienced experts within retail banking and analytics and are based in the heart of London financial centre. They offer an opportunity to be involved in some of the most innovative analytic within banking, offering an excellent salary and one of the best packages in the country.What you needAn ideal candidate will need:Excellent knowledge of SAS and SQLExperienced working within retail banking portfoliosVery strong communication skills both written and verbalConfident presenting strategic analysis to senior stakeholders and board membersA strong degree from a reputable universityNice to have:An MSc or PhDExperience working within UK banking or ConsultancyPrevious stakeholder managementIf this role interests you then please apply or contact Steven Harrison (see below) Parallel Consulting is a multi-awarding winning, global leader in Analytics & Data Science recruitment. With over 12 years expertise, we assist our clients within Analytics, Customer & Marketing Insight, Web Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Credit Risk and BI."	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£40k - £65k per annum + Bonus, Pension, benefits"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Steven Harrison "	"JS-SJH4907"	"27/11/2018 17:06:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQ5u"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Risk Analyst (Loans) - SAS, SQL, Loans, Acquisitions"	"£40k - £65k per annum + Bonus, Pension, benefits"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Risk Analyst (Loans) - SAS, SQL, Loans, Acquisitions"	"City of London - £40k - £65k per annum + Bonus, Pension, benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Senior Credit Risk Analyst - Loans£40k - £65k + bonus, healthcare, pensionPermanentLondonSAS, SQL, Credit Risk AnalyticsThe RoleMy Client is looking for an excellent, experienced risk analyst to work within and continue to expand their Personal Loans portfolios. You will use strategic analytics to deep dive into existing portfolios, to assess risk against reward. You will use SAS or SQL to develop commercially focused risk strategy, to ensure the business is lending in a responsible way. You will device acquisition strategy to continue the expansion of the businesses fastest growing portfolio and have direct stakeholder access to deliver your analysis to non-technical directors.The CompanyMy client is a leader within retail banking in the UK and has pushed analytics to the forefront of the business over the past year. They have invested heavily into their analytics department ensuring access to the best technologies and some of the largest and most unique datasets in the country. They are headed up by highly experienced experts within retail banking and analytics and are based in the heart of London financial centre. They offer an opportunity to be involved in some of the most innovative analytic within banking, offering an excellent salary and one of the best packages in the country.What you needAn ideal candidate will need:Excellent knowledge of SAS and SQLExperienced working within retail bankingVery strong communication skills both written and verbalConfident presenting strategic analysis to senior stakeholders and board membersA strong degree from a reputable universityNice to have:An MSc or PhDExperience working within UK banking or ConsultancyPrevious stakeholder managementLoans experience would be preferredIf this role interests you then please apply or contact Steven Harrison (see below) Parallel Consulting is a multi-awarding winning, global leader in Analytics & Data Science recruitment. With over 12 years expertise, we assist our clients within Analytics, Customer & Marketing Insight, Web Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Credit Risk and BI."	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£40k - £65k per annum + Bonus, Pension, benefits"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Steven Harrison "	"JS-SJH3907"	"27/11/2018 17:07:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQ6A"	NA	NA	NA
"Credit Risk Manager - Existing Customer Management"	"Up to £75k per annum + bonus, Pension, healthcare"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"Credit Risk Manager - Existing Customer Management"	"City of London - Up to £75k per annum + bonus, Pension, healthcare"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Credit Risk Manager - Existing Customer Management - SAS, SQL, Retail BankingUp to £75,000 + bonus, healthcare, pensionPermanentLondonThe RoleMy Client is looking for an experienced risk professional to manage a small team, but remain hands on analytically, within their Existing Customer Management division for their Credit Cards and Personal Loans Portfolio. In this role you will have a team of 3 reporting into you, including Analysts and Senior Analysts. You will lead a team of commercially focused analysts assessing risk against reward and ensuring that the portfolios remain profitable. The business used SAS and SQL, along with statistical modelling and machine learning algorithms, to produce effective insight.The CompanyMy client is a leading lender within the UK, offering a range of consumer products, to a varied customer base. They are based in the heart of London and are investing heavily into their analytics departments to ensure they remain a leader in a competitive market. They offer excellent career progression within a hierarchy that allows autonomy and direct board contact. They offer a very strong salary and more than competitive bonus structure, while allowing for the flexibility to shape your own team.What you needAn ideal candidate will need to be able to demonstrate:A strong background in retail banking across consumer productsVery strong knowledge of SAS and SQL, happy to remain hands onThe ability to deal with non-technical stakeholders and deliver on their needsHigh level communication skills both written and verbalNice to have:Cards and personal loans experience within the UKSome managerial or mentoring responsibilitiesIf this role interests you please apply or contact Steven Harrison (see below) Parallel Consulting is a multi-awarding winning, global leader in Analytics & Data Science recruitment. With over 12 years expertise, we assist our clients within Analytics, Customer & Marketing Insight, Web Analytics, Big Data, Data Science, Credit Risk and BI."	"City of London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"Up to £75k per annum + bonus, Pension, healthcare"	"Parallel Consulting"	"Steven Harrison "	"JS-SJH3945"	"27/11/2018 17:06:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQ5H"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Engineer - E-commerce - East London"	"£60k - £90k per annum + Full benefits + share options"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Engineer - E-commerce - East London"	"London - £60k - £90k per annum + Full benefits + share options"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"StackJava, Python, Spark, Airflow, GCP, Kubernetes,The company:One of the fastest growing names in E-commerce this company recently IPO'd with a valuation in the billions. Using the next generation of technology to better solve some of the longstanding challenges in the E-commerce domain. A chance to join a small, business facing team in a global company working at pace and scale.The environment/Culture:Flexible, a great job spec key word these guys embrace modern working practices with members of the team completely in charge of where and when they deliver. High levels of communication each team member is aware of the key strengths of other team members and is not afraid to ask for or offer help when they need to. Flat structure with a \"Best idea wins\" approach. Pace is key these guys move fast!The role:Joining a team of 3 existing data engineers you will be heavily involved in a greenfield project to deliver scalable and predictable data pipelines as part of the wider build out of the company's data platform. Playing a supporting role to the Data Science team to make sure they have the tools and infrastructure to predict the latest trends and create pricing models.The challenges:Multi-terabyte data problemsAt scaleAt paceWhat experience is required?Strong SQL knowledgeExperience of multi-cloud environments (GCP)Strong ETL and Datamodelling abilitiesExperience ow working on large datasetsNice to have experience of Hadoop, Hive, Impala, Spark, GCP"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"ASAP"	"£60k - £90k per annum + Full benefits + share options"	"Tecknuovo Ltd"	"Oliver Short "	"JS-1820"	"29/11/2018 17:29:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkj6E"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science/Pricing - Based in Central London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Science/Pricing - Based in Central London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a Central London insurer to source a Part Qualified with a keen interest in Data Science to join the Technical pricing team. The opportunity: Excellent chance to join a specialist niche insurer Work across various lines of business, including commercial Learn and use machine learning/data science techniques to enhance pricing Use R and Python Actuarial study support can be offered for those who want it The individual: Junior analyst with pricing experience Experience in R and Python is an advantage To discuss this role, or to discuss your career, please submit your CV or contact Hannah Turner at Fairbank Partners on . Fairbank Partners has access to a wide range of actuarial jobs and acts as an employment agency. "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_83939/592939017"	"03/12/2018 15:07:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQTe"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science Manager - Non-life"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Data Science Manager - Non-life"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Major insurer has a unique opportunity for a talented data scientist to provide a market leading technical pricing service for the Home business and help shape the development of data science techniques used in home pricing.In this exciting role, you will be responsible for the development of appropriate uses of machine learning techniques for Home Pricing, identifying opportunities for improvements to enable tasks to be performed in a more efficient manner.Acting as Subject Matter Expert and an ambassador for the technical pricing team throughout the business, you will develop data science skills throughout the team whilst building market-leading risk premium models.Candidates should have existing data science experience, and be proficient in the use of R/Python or similar software.Knowledge of Emblem, Radar, Classifier, and SAS also advantageous."	"United Kingdom"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5184/593978808"	"03/12/2018 14:16:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPyR"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Science Business Analyst - London - 6-12 month contract"	"up to 450 p/d"	"London"	"Contract"	"Data Science Business Analyst - London - 6-12 month contract"	"London - up to 450 p/d"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Analyst - Contract - 6-12 months - London - up to 450 p/dWe are looking for an experienced Business Analyst with a good understanding of Data Science, Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to join one of the worlds most successful and fastest growing companies.Key skills/attributes:experience with User story requirementsAgile working environmentUnderstanding of Scrumrequirement capturing JiraUnderstanding of Data ScienceUnderstanding of Big Data/ML/AI (would be beneficial)Business Analyst - Contract - 6-12 months - London - up to 450 p/d "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"up to 450 p/d"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"JS546249F1/589183599"	"29/11/2018 11:36:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhnt"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Analytics Consultant, Data Science"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Analytics Consultant, Data Science"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Posting Description  Data Analytics Consultant, Data Science  We're hiring!  We are currently recruiting a Data Analytics Consultant (Data Science) to join our McLagan business in London.  About Aon  Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.  McLagan, an Aon subsidiary, is the leading provider of performance analytics, compensation studies and consulting to the world's top financial services firms. Focusing exclusively on the financial services industry, McLagan serves clients in the asset management, investment banking, corporate banking, private equity, private client, and performance benchmarking businesses. We draw on forty years of focused financial services experience to deliver unparalleled expertise to our clients seeking to improve their understanding of market performance and compensation trends.  Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria.  Outline  People Analytics is about using data and analytics to make better decisions about how an organisation manages people. Allowing our clients' a better understanding of their workforce will in turn help improve our clients' business performance.  This is an emerging and fast growing area of analytics, and we are working with our clients data to answer questions such as:  How can I acquire the best people?  How should I deploy my people?  What do I need to do to retain people?  How can I drive growth through my people?  This role will focus on the development of analytics to answer any combination of the questions above and more, from proof-of-concept to delivery. Projects will range from delivering standardised analytics reporting through to bespoke engagements, incorporating data science, machine learning and consulting skills.  About the Role  Design, support and implement analytics driven solutions for our clients. This will include  Exploiting analytics in new ways to address business driven problems/requirements around attrition, deployment and talent  Designing optimal data models that will support these solutions  Visualising solutions in an interactive, attractive and usable way  Managing business requirements from proof-of-concept through to production. This will include being effective with documentation and project management.  Working across the organisation by liaising with business consultants, technical staff and end-user clients.  Responsible for working in accordance with the Aon UK Limited Risk Management Framework, and compliance with the Aon UK Limited policies, including participation in the management of risks (including completion of mandatory training) that may adversely affect the business, interests or reputation of any Group Company.  About you  As a Data Analytics Consultant your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Experience delivering projects in a consulting environment  Experience of applying data science and machine learning in Python and/or R, including using the scikitlearn, numpy and pandas libraries.  Knowledge of SQL Server or other relational database management systems.  Experience with visualisation tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or PowerBI, including some experience of server set-up.  AWS, Azure or other cloud infrastructure experience preferable.  Experience of dealing with multiple stakeholders (internal and external) from both a technical and non-technical background  A keen interest in Talent, HR, Organisation Design or Change Management.  Our Colleague Experience  Every day, our colleagues make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. Together, we share this one purpose: to empower economic and human possibility around the world. This unifying goal is at the heart of our identity, and it lives in everything we do. To learn more about our colleague experience, visit Aon Colleague Experience .  We offer you  A competitive total rewards package, continuing education & training, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organization. Aon is an equal opportunities employer. Aon's recruitment and selection policy ensures the best possible skill mix of colleagues and the highest quality candidates are appointed using objective job-related criteria. "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"Aon"	"Aon"	"JS2446148/590809603"	"01/12/2018 11:15:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz9A"	NA	NA	NA
"Non-life Manager - Data Science and Analytics"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Non-life Manager - Data Science and Analytics"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Leading-edge client is seeking a talented individual to create and maintain multivariate statistical models for its motor business. The successful candidate will have made progress towards, or completed, a relevant professional qualification (FIA, CII or MBA).Developing and maintaining the price optimisation capability for our client, you will also create pricing controls, liaising closely with internal and external partners to ensure pricing is implemented correctly and within business timescales.You will also lead investigations into the best use of data, analytical techniques and software whilst producing appropriate models to support pricing and operational activity.With excellent interpersonal and organisational skills, you will be a creative thinker with excellent technical knowledge of pricing and analytical/data science techniques.Contact us now for more information on this unique opportunity."	"Bristol, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR4952/593978687"	"03/12/2018 15:11:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXH"	NA	NA	NA
"Market Access Specialist"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Market Access Specialist"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA is The Human Data Science Company, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. Market Access Specialist - London and South East IQVIA has an outstanding opportunity to join their industry leading NHS Commercial Director team - bringing together expert local health economy stakeholder knowledge, superior market access strategy skills and identification/development of joint "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"IQVIA"	"IQVIA"	"JS7108_203177488/593109432"	"03/12/2018 16:27:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRVq"	NA	NA	NA
"Territory Manager"	"GBP"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Territory Manager"	"Manchester, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA is The Human Data Science Company, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. Excellent Salary & Company Car/Life Assurance/Pension & Private Health Insurance Territory - Manchester Do you want to be part of an award winning partnership with a world class pharmaceutical company, and work in an "	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"IQVIA"	"IQVIA"	"JS7108_203177787/593109475"	"03/12/2018 16:29:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRXX"	NA	NA	NA
"Regional Business Support Manager"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Regional Business Support Manager"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA is The Human Data Science Company, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. Location: South of England IQVIA is currently recruiting for a highly motivated and strategic Senior Pharmaceutical Account Support Manager to work within a team of 3-4 with a collective responsibility of delivering the revenue and customer value proposition "	"London, UK"	"Customer Services"	NA	"GBP"	"IQVIA"	"IQVIA"	"JS7108_203177332/593109433"	"03/12/2018 15:13:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQYU"	NA	NA	NA
"Commercial Lawyer Needed - 3-6 Month Contract - West London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Commercial Lawyer Needed - 3-6 Month Contract - West London"	"London - GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Commercial Lawyer Needed - 3-6 Month Contract - West London We are working with a global customer data science company who derive tailored marketing strategies for leading FMCG brands. They are based in West London and seeking to hire a commercial lawyer on a 3-6 month contract, ideally to start by January. Whilst they are finalising the structure of the legal team on the permanent side, they are keen to hire an interim lawyer to support the team. At the moment, there is a high volume of work in general commercial matters which are primarily B2B focused. You may work on any variety of agreements to support the sales business within their European arm. The successful candidate will be qualified in the UK with at least 3 years PQE. Ideally, you will have trained at a top UK or International law firm, and gained strong experience in commercial law. Relevant in-house experience is preferred. You will be expected to work closely with the business and be willing to work under pressure. Please note candidates with exceptional experience outside of these perimeters may still apply. Due to the high volume of applications we receive for each of our roles we are unable to respond on an individual basis. If you have not received a response within 1 week of having submitted your details, it is likely that your application has not been successful on this occasion "	"London, UK"	"Legal"	NA	"GBP"	"Hydrogen Group"	"Hydrogen Group"	"JS0C65DD10/592977694"	"02/12/2018 07:14:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCc7"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a talented data scientist to join its pricing team where you will develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to gain insights into insurance products. Working closely with technical pricing analysts and other data analysts elsewhere in the business, you will be responsible for expanding data processing and technical modelling framework. In addition, you will establish efficient ways of implementing segmentation and predictive models whilst ensuring that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basis. With exceptional statistical skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques. Advanced experience of commercial data science or analytics software (eg Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.) also required. Please contact us to discuss this vacancy or for an informal discussion regarding your career goals. We are very happy to perform bespoke research on your behalf. David Ellis, Associate Director M: (0)  E:  "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JS7286_82872/592938385"	"03/12/2018 15:16:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQaM"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist - Non-life Pricing"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Our client is seeking a talented data scientist to join its pricing team where you will develop and apply data science, machine learning and other statistical techniques to gain insights into insurance products.Working closely with technical pricing analysts and other data analysts elsewhere in the business, you will be responsible for expanding data processing and technical modelling framework.In addition, you will establish efficient ways of implementing segmentation and predictive models whilst ensuring that reusable data assets build smoothly on a regular basis.With exceptional statistical skills, the successful candidate will possess experience of building predictive models using a wide variety of tools and techniques.Advanced experience of commercial data science or analytics software (eg Python, R, SAS/WPS, MATLAB etc.) also required."	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"Star Actuarial Futures"	"JSSTAR5329/593978963"	"03/12/2018 14:20:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlP1y"	NA	NA	NA
"Python Developer"	"500.00 - 600.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Python Developer"	"London - 500.00 - 600.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Python DeveloperCentral London6-month Contract£500 per dayAs a Python Developer, you are required to support the Data Science team by developing the software in Python for this company's product. You will be working for a niche energy company who are looking to disrupt the industry.THE COMPANY:This energy-tech firm are the first in the industry to incorporate Machine Learning techniques to predict consumer behaviour. They have launched a new product which will help them tailor their tariffs to make their customers' energy consumption more cost effective. THE ROLE:This company are looking for a Python Developer who has the experience of working with new data-sets and supporting a Data Science team. You will have coding skills in Python order write the necessary code that will enhance the product and allow the data ingestion to run smoothly into the Spark database. You will be working from an AWS platform, but the team has plans to move to a Spark/Scala platform so if you have had exposure to this, that would be ideal. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:The ideal Python Developer will have: Expertise in PythonPreviously supported a Data Science teamWorked with Big Data technologies and platforms like Spark and AWSExperience working as a Software DeveloperHOW TO APPLY:Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. "	"London, UK"	"Energy"	NA	"500.00 - 600.00 Annual GBP"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709265/589411572"	"03/12/2018 13:22:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPNz"	NA	NA	NA
"Strategic Data Analyst -Global Pharma Major - £50k"	"50k Annual GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Strategic Data Analyst -Global Pharma Major - £50k"	"London - 50k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	" Data Analyst - Fortune500 Pharmaceutical Major - £40-50k + Excellent Benefits Package - Modern Central London Offices - Innovative Technologies  Due to an impending shift to incorporate data science methodologies, esteemed pharmaceutical major seeks a high-achieving data analyst to enter a broad position in their innovative new business unit, targeted at applying cutting-edge emerging technologies across multiple commercial functions. Operating in a cross-functional environment, the successful individual will forge long-standing relationships with executive stakeholders to streamline efficiencies and optimise processes.  Data Analyst Job Profile: Conducting deep analysis into organisation performance to provide solutions to stakeholders and influence change in the organisationWorking with a complex product range to accurate forecast company profitability and potential shifts in supplier partnershipsLiaising with various areas of the business including procurement, supply chain, sourcing, legal, finance and operationsPartnering with a global stakeholder base to introduce market-leading technologies Data Analyst Requirements: Strong Analytical background with a proven track record of managing large sets of data and creating reports for the development of a commercial functionStrong numerate skills, including experience working with Excel and data analytics toolsEnergetic, proactive personality and keen to develop a career with a global businessKeen to learn, take on responsibility and progress quicklyFor more information, please apply through the website or send an updated copy of your CV directly to  "	"London, UK"	"Manufacturing"	NA	"50k Annual GBP"	"Bramwith Consulting"	"Bramwith Consulting"	"JS159937/580761308"	"02/12/2018 13:08:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE0p"	NA	NA	NA
"Catastrophe Risk Analyst - Underwriting & Capital Management"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Catastrophe Risk Analyst - Underwriting & Capital Management"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity for an individual with strong analytical, numerical/statistical or scientific background to join the Underwriting and Capital Management (UCM) line of business as an Analyst for catastrophic risk.  The Role  The candidate would be joining a team of experts spanning across the fields of insurance, data science and pricing, reserving and capital actuaries, the vision being to provide unrivalled analytical risk. This exciting opportunity comes with various technical challenges which are as diverse as the industries we deal in and involves both UK-based and international projects. Be responsible for the delivery of catastrophe modelling analysis by utilizing the RMS catastrophe risk model and by outsourcing/co-operating with Strategic Risk Consulting in WTW where required by peak work-loads The role would also include helping to prepare and present output data from the models to support actuarial analyses and underwriting portfolio management Advising UCM and where applicable risk capital on general natural hazard issues, in particular those relevant to earthquake, wind and flood Developing and applying innovative approaches for identifying natural hazard risks for regions where no standardized risk assessment tools or models exist  The Requirements Strong analytical, engineering-, science- and/or mathematical-based background with interest in the area of natural hazard risk (including earthquake, wind and flood) Experience in using RMS third party catastrophe models is essential and AIR or RQE valuable together with a good level of understanding of probabilistic and catastrophe modelling concepts. Experience in non-modelled risks would be advantageous Day to day tasks will include quality assessment of raw data, reviews of exposures to Natural Hazards as well as preparation of modelling input files, running of market recognized models and the review, interpretation and validation of the output in light of underlying modelling assumptions and their limitations Knowledge of databases such as SQL or MS Access, VBA, R, any GIS software such as Q-GIS or Arc GIS etc. would be an advantage Insurance market experience and understanding of policy structures for catastrophe risks would be an advantage as well as solid analytical skills, including the ability to find ways to use available data sources to answer questions and solve problems Highly motivated team player and able to thrive in a growing team environment Educated to degree level and/or with a relevant professional qualification - underwriting, claims adjusting or risk management Proactive rather than reactive Team player with good interpersonal and influencing skills Strong relationship management skills and the ability to establish trust and credibility Ability to work under pressure to tight timelines and without direct supervision Organised and methodical Excellent analytical problem-solving skills Commercial awareness - a commercial and pragmatic approach to holistic business management Fluent business English  The Company Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas - the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential.  Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer Willis Towers Watson believes that effectively managing a diverse workforce is vital to our business strategy. We have an obligation to our organization, ourselves and our clients to hire and develop the best people we can find. We will continually review our policies and practices to ensure that all areas of the employment process (including recruiting, hiring, work assignments, compensation, benefits, promotions, transfers, company-sponsored development programs and overall workplace experience) are free from discriminatory practices. We are committed to equal employment opportunities at Willis Towers Watson Unsolicited Contact:  Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Willis Towers Watson are considered property of Willis Towers Watson and are not subject to payment of agency fees. In order to be an authorized Recruitment Agency/Search Firm for Willis Towers Watson, any such agency must have an existing formal written agreement signed by an authorized Willis Towers Watson recruiter and an active working relationship with the organization. Resumes must be submitted according to our candidate submission process, which includes being actively engaged on the particular search. Likewise, for our authorized Recruitment Agencies/Search Firms, if the candidate submission process is not followed, no agency fees will be paid by Willis Towers Watson. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer.Apply  Not ready to Apply? "	"London, UK"	"Other"	NA	"GBP"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"Willis Towers Watson"	"JS8361214/593977780"	"03/12/2018 15:12:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlQXm"	NA	NA	NA
"Specialist Motor Pricing Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Specialist Motor Pricing Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Fairbank Partners are working with a specialist General Insurer to source a Part Qualified Actuary or Pricing Analyst to join the Motor Pricing team across Retail and Commercial lines.  The opportunity: Use new actuarial and data science techniques to improve pricing models Liaise with other departments to ensure pricing meets its aims Role has come around due to team growth The individual: Part Qualified Actuary Strong knowledge of Emblem Prior experience in pricing is necessary "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"GBP"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"FAIRBANK PARTNERS"	"JS7286_82528/592938207"	"01/12/2018 14:16:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4k3"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Associate Risk Assurance Customer Analytics (Media) London "	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Associate Risk Assurance Customer Analytics (Media) London "	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"About the team We deliver actionable, data-driven insights to help our clients better understand their customers.. We combine unrivalled external and internal data sets to solve problems for clients across sectors such as retail, consumer goods, financial services and leisure & tourism. Our team of data scientists and industry experts use machine learning techniques and proprietary models to uncover the rich profile of customers' current and future behaviours to inform how clients can serve their customers better. About the role We are seeking candidates with strong advanced analytics experience to deliver projects in the customer analytics domain.In this role you'll Deliver work streams on client projects Propose data science problem solving approaches, and to think critically and creatively when considering a team members' proposed approach Provide guidance to peers and other team members Develop materials for assisting in pitching to clients Engage in thought leadership activities, and to contribute to the learning and development of colleagues Essential skills and experience Previous relevant experience providing advanced analytics in an industry settingProfessional record demonstrating business impact; domain experience in areas such as customer analytics, CRM, customer acquisition, marketing effectiveness, consumer sentiment and retail businesses will be beneficial.Excellent communication and presentation skills, including the ability to explain the findings of technical work to non-expert audiencesEnd to end project deliveryProven ability to handle multiple project commitments simultaneously Fluency with SQL and one of either R or Python in a data science contextStrong technical expertise in data science, statistical modelling and/or machine learning Academic background in a relevant quantitative field, eg statistics, engineering, computer science, with advanced degree (PhD/MSc) in one of these disciplines preferred."	"London, UK"	"Finance, Customer Services"	NA	"GBP"	"PwC"	"PwC"	"JS26792BR/593980144"	"03/12/2018 14:14:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPxX"	NA	NA	NA
"Python Data Scientist/Software Engineer - £65,000 - £85,000"	"85k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Python Data Scientist/Software Engineer - £65,000 - £85,000"	"London - 85k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Python Data Scientist/Software Engineer Renewable Energy & Utilities LONDON £65,000 - £85,000 THE COMPANY Harnham are exclusively working with a London based start-up who have developed a piece of software focussed around storing and redistributing renewable energy effectively. This is already in use by a number of digital banks, with millions of customers having passed through their systems. THE ROLE So far all of the main software has been developed but eh current team, but they are now looking for a Data Scientist to research and innovate new solutions that will result in new areas of tech being created. This position is ideal for someone with broad exposure across a variety of Data Science tools and methodologies and ideally with some background of building full production systems. Work with a team of talented data professionals - all employees are energy specialists.Provide actionable insight from constantly evolving data-setsWork autonomously on messy time-series data setsEstablish a series of PoCs to understand the value behind exploratory researchCommunicate complex data problems to non-technical stakeholders and investorsInteract and build queries within non-relational databasesYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Within this role the core requriements are: Commercial Experience deploying ML algorithmsWillingness to work entirely hands-on creating ML algorithms from scratchAcademic background in a scientific/quantitative/economic disciplinesMultiple years of coding experience in Python/R/SQL and use of ML toolkitsAbility to work collaboratively within a teamStrong communicatorTHE BENEFITS Latest equipmentAccessible London locationCompetitive salaryConference BudgetTraining and development planHOW TO APPLY To find out more about this opportunity and the other Data Science opportunities that we are representing at Harnham please apply via the link below or contact Mark Proud directly "	"London, UK"	"Energy"	NA	"85k Annual 00 GBP"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36751526/594296626"	"03/12/2018 12:17:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOda"	NA	NA	NA
"IEU Research Associate/Senior Research Associate in Epidemiology"	"33199.00 - 37345.00 Annual (Grade I) 37,345 - 42,036 (Grade J) GBP"	"City, Bristol"	"Permanent"	"IEU Research Associate/Senior Research Associate in Epidemiology"	"City, Bristol - 33199.00 - 37345.00 Annual (Grade I) 37,345 - 42,036 (Grade J) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are seeking a postdoctoral researcher to work on an exciting research project exploring risk factors and potential intervention targets for chronic kidney disease progression. The research will employ causal inference methods, including Mendelian randomization, to analyse large genome-wide association and proteomic datasets. The successful candidate will join a vibrant interdisciplinary research environment in the MRC Integrative Epidemiology Unit (Director Prof George Davey Smith), as part of a MRC Stratified Medicine project (led by Prof Moin Saleem). The postholder will have the opportunity to develop their own research ideas within the programme, contribute to teaching and postgraduate training and will be supported in their career progression. They will also have access to a range of training opportunities to build their expertise in epidemiology, genetics and data science.  Who we are looking for: You will have a strong background in epidemiology, statistical genetics, applied statistics or data science, with experience working with large biomedical/health datasets. Ideally you will have expertise using R for statistical analyses, and knowledge and/or experience of Mendelian randomization methods. The successful applicant will be based within the MRC Integrative Epidemiology Unit (IEU) in the Bristol Medical School, at the University of Bristol, but there may also be an opportunity to spend some time visiting academic and/or industrial collaborators in the US. The deadline for applications is 11.59pm on Thursday 6th December 2018. The University is committed to creating and sustaining a fully inclusive culture. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and communities.  "	"City, Bristol, UK"	"Education"	NA	"33199.00 - 37345.00 Annual (Grade I) 37,345 - 42,036 (Grade J) GBP"	"University of Bristol"	"University of Bristol"	"JS3573_6808721/572453702"	"02/12/2018 11:08:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEbc"	NA	"Graduate"	NA
"General Manager - Analytics"	"Excellent GBP"	"City, Leeds"	"Permanent"	"General Manager - Analytics"	"City, Leeds - Excellent GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Reporting to the Head of Web and E-Commerce, the General Manager - Analytics will be responsible for running and managing the reporting and analytics functions covering Customer Acquisition and Conversion. You will ultimately be responsible for analysing the behaviour of our Digital assets, the spend across our Customer Acquisition and Conversion activity, contributing at both a high and granular level to the Optimisation & Innovation being delivered throughout the Web and E-Commerce Team, and also the wider business. Managing the web reporting and analytics functions across  Jet2.com  and  Jet2holidays , you will report on and deliver website intelligence across multiple platforms with over £70 million of spend across Customer Acquisition channels and on user behaviour of over 150 million sessions on  Jet2.com  and  Jet2holidays  delivering over £1.5 billion of revenue. You will work closely with the Marketing Director, Head of Web and Ecommerce, GM - Customer Acquisition, GM - Conversion and Data Science Manager to analyse all data and reporting, ensuring the use of analysis in driving on-site and off-site Optimisation & Innovation in their daily routines. Driving and supporting the tracking of all online marketing activities and ensuring a tracking mechanism is in place prior to the launch of all marketing activities, including reporting of new channels is vital to the success of this role. You will manage the web analytics strategy, drive forward automation of manual reporting processes and investigate and identify tools and platforms to continuously improve our web analytics function securing the necessary stakeholder buy in for new analytics technologies. In addition, you will deliver daily/weekly/monthly reporting and provide supporting commentary, key findings and recommendations, ensuring that the data being reported is timely, accurate and relevant. The successful candidate will be technically proficient in Website Analytics and Web Analytics tools, particularly Google Analytics 360 & Google Tag Manager. You will have advanced understanding of relational databases, particularly Google BigQuery and how insight can be gathered from stored digital analytics data. SQL and Tableau knowledge and experience will be desirable. You will have good communication skills, happy to investigate problems and opportunities down to a granular level, but also able to present the 'big picture' at a senior level without losing your audience. In return, we offer an excellent salary and benefits package with fantastic opportunities for progression in a growing business. This is a great opportunity to be part of an exciting forward thinking business. We operate scheduled leisure flights to holiday destinations in the Mediterranean, the Canary Islands and to European Leisure Cities from our 9 UK bases. Help us to send our all-important customers on holiday with  Jet2.com  and  Jet2holidays ! "	"City, Leeds, UK"	"Science"	NA	"Excellent GBP"	"JET2"	"JET2"	"JS3573_6811056/577597686"	"02/12/2018 11:06:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaA"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior NLP Data Scientist"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior NLP Data Scientist"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Executive summaryWe're one of the world's largest insurers, managing $4Bn of policies, covering a large number of domains: Energy, Cyber, Property, Marine and Casualty, to name a few. We specialize in commercial insurance and we handle often large and complex risks.You will be helping us to better forecast the risks our current and prospective clients face, so that we manage and price our policies more accurately by leveraging the rich customer and claims data in combination with growing external sources like credit, census, telematics, GPS, weather and social media data. You will also help us with modelling customer acquisition and retention, fraud detection, as well as with identifying and prototyping new technology.You will be joining a dynamic and growing team while working closely with industry leading insurance experts with a vast knowledge in each specific domain, combined with strong executive sponsorship. Data science has the support of the board as one of the company's six key global initiatives and is vital to QBE's future success.What we offer* competitive compensation, pension and benefits* brand new HQ in Bank at the heart of the financial industry* working alongside industry experts in insurance underwriting and risk assessment* a diverse set of problems, as our products span across virtually every insurance domain* flexible working and standing desksResponsibilities  Ownership of projects from end to end: from investigating raw data, acquiring external data, making data pipelines to deploying a model to production  Identify new problems and prototype solutions while working closely with business experts to generate ideas and ensure adoption  Maintain and improve existing Machine Learning applications; quantify and analyze model performance; oversee model scaling and refreshing  Demonstrate the value of data products and data derived insights to business stakeholders Requirements   Advanced degree in mathematics, computer science, or other quantitative field from a top university  Strong vocational NLP experience  Experience building end-to-end analytics solutions, including exposing Python and R algorithms as APIs with Flask and building visualizations in D3.js  Expert with SQL development and advanced queries, plus experience handling unstructured data in MongoDB  Strong experience with Unix and leveraging scalable data science environments such as Spark and AWS  Previous experience delivering predictive machine learning solutions and managing stakeholders within a large organisation Salary: CompetitiveNumber of Openings:1How to Apply:To submit your application, click \"Apply\" and follow the step by step process.Equal Employment Opportunity:QBE is an equal opportunity employer and is required to comply with equal employment opportunity legislation in each jurisdiction it operates."	"London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"QBE"	"QBE"	"JS222903/592979129"	"01/12/2018 14:14:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gk4hd"	NA	NA	NA
"Clinical Programming and Statistical Data Sciences Future Leader Progr"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Clinical Programming and Statistical Data Sciences Future Leader Progr"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Clinical Programmers at GSK sit within the Biostatistics function and represent industry leading SAS experts for the exquisite delivery (analysis and reporting) of our clinical studies and data submissions to global regulatory agencies. The discipline works globally, spread across regions (UK, US and India) and provides leadership and accountability for all programming aspects for medicines within all clinical phases of drug development. A programming graduate would get hands on experience in the analysis and reporting of clinical trials (first rotation) and play an important role in defining and implementing strategies to modernise data delivery for clinical development (second or third rotation). Statistical Data Sciences (SDS) is the start-up group for data science also within the Biostatistics function, alongside Clinical Programming and Clinical Statistics. Since one very common definition of \"data science\" is \"the intersection between programming, data wrangling and statistics\", a programming graduate should find time spent here useful, both for him/herself, and also in terms of helping the Biostatistics function develop its vision for data sciences within the wider Development organisation (second or third rotation).Is the Future Leader Programme for you?Not only do we want to find the right candidate, we want you to choose a scheme that's right for you. Our Future Leaders Programmes are for those who aspire to be leaders, inspire others and relish some of the world's biggest healthcare challenges. We believe in focusing on the patient and conducting our business with integrity, transparency and respect for everyone we work with. We invest heavily in your personal development to prepare you for a career as a leader through regular discussions with your line manager and support from a wide network of colleagues, but you are still the driver of your development. You will also have continuous training where 70% is on-the-job, 20% is through developmental relationships and 10% is through formal training and educational courses. Our programmes are two or three years long and usually have 3-4 rotations. This is to enhance the development of your skills through having a breadth and depth of our business areas. What to expect on the Clinical Programming and Statistical Data Sciences Future Leaders Programme:What you will do will be dictated by the needs of GSK's pipeline of products, the needs of the Biostatistics function and your role. Opportunities exist to work on the delivery of pipeline assets in specific or varied diseases and experience challenges faced when working in different phases of drug development (phases I to IV). You will also have the opportunity to contribute to introducing new innovations to drive efficiencies and to the \"upskill\" of Programmers and staff across the Biostatistics function with regard to common data science methods and philosophy. You'll spend 12 months in the role for which you have been hired (Clinical Programming), then spend sequential 12-month rotations supporting Standards and Efficiencies and Statistical Data Sciences, choosing your second and third rotations in the previous rotation. They will be in the country where you are employed and will meet both your developing aspirations and the needs of the department.  Our work is varied and challenging with the common goal to advance the science of human health.A day in the life of a Clinical Programer FLP:You will collaborate with top clinical scientists and operational experts in the delivery of clinical trial results to progress medicines through drug development. You will gain insights into defining programming strategies for clinical trial reporting and regulatory submissions (planning and execution) You will receive training in SAS and other programming languages and then asked to apply your newly acquired skills for hands on analysis and reporting of clinical trial data, in adherence to study protocols and statistical analysis plans. You may also explore data analytics and visualisations to improve presentation and interpretation of results. You'd become familiar with industry-wide best practice and help to define and support the use of standards across the Clinical Programming function  You'd be encouraged to consider opportunities for the introduction of innovative approaches to improve standard processes. For example, increasing the use of automation for routine tasks and the application of machine learning to drive efficiencies and enable better focus resources. You'd help drive capability development across Clinical Programming to expand the breadth of programming skills beyond SAS into languages such as R and Python.  How would you develop as a Statistical Data Science FLPIt should be almost impossible for a programmer within SDS not to be exposed to cutting edge methods in coding/data science, to develop basic statistical skills through exposure to Statisticians in the team, and to learn about the R&D process and how data science methods can be brought to bear on its challenges. You'd be involved in the \"upskill\" of Biostatistics with regard to common data science methods and philosophy and apply these skills on specific projects related to clinical development workAt the moment, the group is developing a version-controlled code repository, to maximise the value that most of Biostatistics' population develop nearly every day. SDS is also developing a tool to identify clinical studies that measured biomarkers specific to scientific programmes in GSK, to pull those data into an analytics-ready form, and to make that platform available for clinical and research scientists. Other work involves developing prediction models for disease prognosis. Career prospect for Clinical Programming and Data Sciences Future LeadersAfter completing this three-year programme, you will return to the role for which you were hired. The breadth of relevant technical experience, business and interpersonal skills that you will have acquired, together with the mentoring and networking opportunities you will have experienced, will allow you to excel in your career at GSK.There is a thriving community of Programmers and Data Scientists working across multiple groups at GSK continually evolving to enhance the skills, processes and technologies that drive innovation and efficiency. Opportunities will be broad and plentiful.The successful candidate will haveA Bachelors or higher in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related discipline.In addition, ideally you will have: An innovative and flexible mindset The ability to deal with complexity comfortably Strong problem-solving ability Effective written and verbal communication skills A resilient and 'can do' attitude with scientific reasoning An interest in the analysis of scientific data, a keen eye for detail and high quality Experience with at least one programming language (preferably SAS) A little about GSK:We are a science-led global healthcare company that researches and develops innovative Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare products. These help millions of people around the world do more, feel better and live longer. Our commercial success depends on creating innovative products and making these accessible to as many people who need them as possible. By achieving this, we will be able to grow our business and provide benefits to patients, consumers, society, our employees and our shareholders. We have a significant global commercial presence in more than 150 markets, a network of 84 manufacturing sites in 36 countries and large R&D centres in the UK, USA, Belgium and China. Before you applyOur Future Leader Programme is passionate about developing local leadership capabilities for local countries, so it is vital you have eligibility to live and work in the country for which you are applying. Please note that candidates need to be available to attend a 2-day assessment centre late 2018.GSK is committed to empowering employees and creating an inclusive and diverse environment because it shows that we value and respect all contributions. It is good for business because it brings different knowledge, perspectives, experiences and working styles to GSKOur recruitment decisions are based on selecting the best person for the job, regardless of gender, marital status, religion, age, color, race, sexual orientation, nationality or disability. "	"United Kingdom"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"GSK"	"GSK"	"JS5594_749481/591393618"	"01/12/2018 07:08:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkvdq"	NA	"Graduate"	NA
"Business Analyst - London - 6-12 contract - up to 450 p/d"	"up to 450 p/d"	"London"	"Contract"	"Business Analyst - London - 6-12 contract - up to 450 p/d"	"London - up to 450 p/d"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Analyst - Contract - 6-12 months - London We are looking for an experienced Business Analyst with a good understanding of Data, Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to join one of the worlds most successful and fastest growing companies.Key skills/attributes:experience with User story requirementsAgile working environmentUnderstanding of Scrumrequirement capturing JiraDesirableData Science experienceBusiness Analyst - Contract - 6-12 months - London "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"up to 450 p/d"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"JSF1FA3FFD/587509399"	"29/11/2018 15:39:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjNj"	NA	NA	NA
"Data Scientist"	""	"London"	"Permanent"	"Data Scientist"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"We're Sky, Europe's biggest entertainment brand. Think top-quality shows. Breaking news. Innovative tech. Must-have products. Careers here mean the freedom and support you need to make an impact - pushing boundaries, creating solutions, hitting targets. And as part of our close-knit team, you'll enjoy plenty of benefits. Plus, experiences you'll only find at Sky.This role is an exciting opportunity to join us and work within our Data Science team.The perks Sky Q, a generous pension and private health care. Access to over 12,000 LinkedIn Learning courses to support your development. And if that's not enough, our award-winning Osterley campus boasts six subsidised restaurants, a cinema, gym, and much more. To find out more about working with us, search LifeatSky on LinkedIn, Twitter or Instagram. You will: - Be responsible for developing and driving actionable customer intelligence from our core data assets using advanced analytics.- Develop advanced analytics algorithms exploiting our rich data assets including viewing behaviours and content engagement on multiple platforms (linear, on demand, streaming etc), online engagement with Sky digital (apps, website), customer service interactions, service quality and performance information and customer metrics- Engage with key partners (marketing, retention, service, finance) to understand business objectives and support these objectives through the best use of advanced analytics approaches. Responsible for identifying the best analytical techniques, developing the solution, creating a framework for testing the solution, deploying champion challenger tests and measuring the incremental value to the business from the solution.- Engage with our technology teams and data engineers to build compliant, efficient and scalable solutions for leading customer treatments at Sky.- Strengthen our internal data science capabilities by continuously innovating and driving new ideas, building technology partnerships with our vendors, training and developing our people and creating a world-class data science team at Sky.You'll have:- Experience building and deploying advanced analytics solutions in a large scale (preferably B2C) cloud environment.- Expertise in at least 2 areas including Forecasting, Predictive Modelling, Optimisation, Clustering or NLP.- Experience in deploying commercially viable applications using deep learning techniques combining structured and unstructured data is highly desirable- The ability to quickly understand a business objective, problem solving to create an analytical solution and partner communication are essential- Commercial knowledge and applications of data science to drive commercial value is a requirement - everything we do drives value into the business.- Experience in data engineering, Datamodelling for advanced analytics, data processing on cloud, model management and app deployment on cloud is highly desirable.- Essential - Python with experience on GCP (BigQuery, GCS, Datalab, Dataproc, Cloud ML, Tensorflow)- Machine learning (essential) - Supervised/unsupervised learning, regression, decision trees, random forests, boosting, SVM, clusteringSo, what are you waiting for? Apply now for a chance to forge your own career path and be brilliant as part of a bright, talented team. Just so you know: if your application is successful, your appointment will be subject to receiving a positive outcome from your criminal record check.We're happy to discuss flexible working. It's our people that make Sky Europe's leading entertainment company. That's why we work hard to be an inclusive employer, so everyone at Sky can be their best.If you are successful in your application for this role, your appointment will be subject to receiving a positive outcome from your Criminal Record Check.A job you love to talk about "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	NA	"Sky"	"Sky"	"JS43441/576247684"	"29/11/2018 07:40:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgNS"	NA	NA	NA
"Transportation - Project Management Summer and Industrial Year Placeme"	"GBP"	"Bristol, Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Transportation - Project Management Summer and Industrial Year Placeme"	"Bristol, Gloucestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Join our innovative project management team and it will be up to you to make sure our transportation projects run smoothly. You'll be involved in everything from design, contracts and budgets, to purchasing and on-site construction. It's a big job. But you'll enjoy bringing everyone and everything together to deliver some of the largest and most challenging engineering projects in the transportation industry. Where you'll be based Our Summer and Industrial Year placements are available in Bristol.What you'll be doingYou will also have opportunities to run small projects by yourself and ensure they are delivered on time and on budget. There's an array of chances for you to develop your skillset, build up your experience and grow an impressive portfolio.Transportation is involved in some of the most technically challenging design and engineering projects in the rail industry. Providing an opportunity to work alongside some of the industry's leading engineers and gain experience of being part of the project teams behind some of the Rail industry's major infrastructure projects.East West Rail, HS2 and M4 CANs are all projects that you could working on.As a placement student, you'll: Disseminate project information to stakeholders  Develop and maintain project deliverables under the direction of the Project Director and Project Managers to secure and measure progress  Collect and input data in to project trackers and databases  Attend Project Meetings and support with meeting minutes Preparation of meeting material to include reports, presentations and agendas  Project cost analysis, monitoring cost and assessing earned value  Assisting in the preparation of Project Management and Commercial Reports for the Senior Management Team  Assisting in Work Package Management processesWho we're looking for: Undergraduates on track to achieve a bachelor's (2.1 or above) or masters (2.2 or above) in Business Management, Construction Project Management, Project Management, Physics, Maths, Data Science or any Engineering degree discipline Confident working on your own initiative and as part of multidisciplinary teams  A good communicator who can analyse problems, create innovative solutions and manage your time effectively  Prepared to undergo a medical assessment, as some roles may involve working on site Experience with APM or PRINCE2 would be advantageous Knowledge of transporting systems or engineering would be advantageous Our Community To get a real feel for our culture or learn about what makes life at Atkins so great - just select the handle from your favorite social media platform and take a look #insideatkins Benefits & RewardsWhen you join our Transportation team, you'll be empowered to be the professional you want to be, working on projects you feel proud of. You will be part of an international team, making a real difference to the world around you and leaving a lasting Legacy for future generations. Our benefits, to name a few, include: dedicated support from your line manager who will create personalised objectives with you, so you can get the most out of your time with us to support you with your studies and beyond our top performing placement students have the opportunity to be nominated straight onto our Graduate Development Programme "	"Bristol, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Logistics"	NA	"GBP"	"SNC Lavalin's Atkins Business"	"SNC Lavalin's Atkins Business"	"JSJ6PRNQ3M65/594658250"	"03/12/2018 16:31:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlRYV"	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Strategist & Planner"	"GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Digital Strategist & Planner"	"City, Manchester - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Digital Strategist & Planner - Corporate Affairs  - Manchester Who we are  An award-winning bank here to help Britain's go-getters. More about us  In 2009, Aldermore set out to be the bank helping those with ideas, big and small, to realise their dreams and to seek and seize opportunity in their personal and professional lives. We call it banking for the bold. Today, we're an award-winning bank that has helped fund the growth of Britain's small businesses through a range of business finance solutions, specialist mortgages and savings accounts that provides our customers with the support they need to make things happen. Join us if you want to find yourself at the heart of a dynamic, growing organisation where our employees are empowered to grow their expertise and build their careers. Digital Strategist & Planner at Aldermore work within our Corporate Affairs department to promote, protect and enhance our reputation, managing both internal and external communications. As part of this team, you'll play a key role in keeping stakeholders and key influencers informed and engaged, and ensuring our mission is understood. It's a growing team that offers lots of career potential for those who thrive on and want to build their future in media relations, public affairs, issue management, internal communications or community affairs. The Role  The Digital Strategist & Planner will lead on digital planning and strategy across multiple lines of business and stakeholders, ensuring the marketing function's work streams are aligned to departmental and enterprise level objectives and that work requests are assigned and prioritized within the team accordingly. Plan and scope work requests from within the business, engaging the wider digital team, creative, content, PR, brand and agencies to create and present proposals on timings, costs, resource requirements and channel justifications. This operational role will align marketing activities and work requests across the organization and will act in a consultative capacity in scoping and planning digital operations work streams to deliver high quality, timely digital initiatives. Execute quality management, owning campaign execution checklists to ensure brand safety, media and regulatory/compliance standards are met prior to delivery. Analyse the impact of marketing activity, working closely with performance marketing team members and data science to report on marketing strategy effectiveness and shape the roadmap using key insights. Development and implementation of planning processes, policies and toolsManagement and prioritization of incoming digital change requestsResponsible for ensuring digital activity aligns with departmental objectivesKey contributor to the development and execution of the digital strategyScoping and planning of all digital initiative and activities, ensuring work items are assigned appropriately and scoped accurately to ensure a high quality and timely deliveryQuality managementStakeholder engagement and managementResponsible for due diligence checks and balances on all centrally managed digital activityResponsible for reporting and insights on digital campaign effectivenessThe Person  The ideal candidate with have excellent communication and superb stakeholder management. You will have high standards for quality management and an eye for detail in ensuring campaigns/activity have gone through. The Rewards  As you would expect, this opportunity offers a competitive basic salary and reward package, and you'll also benefit from our commitment to investing in your professional development. We do not accept speculative agency CVs. Any CV received by Aldermore will be treated as a gift and not eligible for an agency fee. PSL agencies should only send CVs if authorised to do so by HR. Where a DBS check or CIFAS check is identified as necessary, all application forms, job adverts and recruitment briefs will contain a statement that an application for a DBS certificate or a CIFAS check will be submitted in the event of the individual being offered the position.  Aldermore is an equal opportunities employer  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"The Curve Group"	"The Curve Group"	"JS3561_36528649/566864876"	"03/12/2018 07:33:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlKIt"	NA	NA	NA
"Real World/HTA Statistician - Pharmaceutical"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Real World/HTA Statistician - Pharmaceutical"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"HTA/Outcomes statistician. Global pharmaceutical company, SAS/R, CDISC/SDTM. Method development. LondonYour new companyIs a prestigious global pharmaceutical company with a history of innovation, looking to grow their Real World Evidence and HTA team, by adding several late phase/observational/HTA statisticians to work on a range of projects.Your new roleYou will be supporting a number of studies focused on HTA/Observational & late phase clinical development projects, working closely with clinical colleagues, senior stakeholders and programmers to provide comprehensive expertise, analysis, interpretation, and understanding of data.Major responsibilities will include:Statistical analysis of large real world and late phase trial data sets;Statistical method development and optimisation;Supporting late phase/HTA submission teams on the analysis and interpretation of data;Working on multiple concurrent projects.What you'll need to succeedAs well as a good technical background within statistics, you should have very strong analysis and data interpretation skills and exposure to late phase clinical/observational research and/or HTA submissions.Candidates should have:An MSc (or equivalent experience) within statistics, biostatistics, mathematics, informatics or related discipline. Candidates with higher degrees, ie PhD are preferred;A track record of method development or innovation within statistics/biostatistics;Experience of late phase/observational/real-world research, ideally with knowledge of HTA processes or submissions;A good knowledge of programming languages, such as R or SAS.Candidates with direct experience of the pharmaceutical industry (either from in-house or CRO experience) are preferred, as are those with hands-on experience of CDISC standards, eg SDTM or ADaM.There are several roles available at varying levels, and candidates with less/different experience are also encouraged to apply.What you'll get in returnYou'll get the chance to work for an innovative pharmaceutical company, with a collaborative working atmosphere, working on a range of interesting projects. You'll also get excellent career progression and development and a generous salary and benefits package.What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call me on .If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career, as there are a number of statistics and data science roles available.Keywords: statistics, biostatistics, SAS, R clinical, trial, development, late, phase, Phase IV, RWE, RWD, real, world, evidence, observational, outcomes, data, HTA, health, technology, assessment, analysis, science, pharmaceutical, CDISC, SDTM, ADaM, submission, interpretation, project, management, London, programmer, method, tool, small, molecule, biologics, research, biology "	"London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited"	"JS3561_36690997/587525791"	"02/12/2018 11:11:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdl"	NA	NA	NA
"Test & Integration Engineer"	"£20k - £29,999, £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, GBP"	"Gloucester, Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Test & Integration Engineer"	"Gloucester, Gloucestershire - £20k - £29,999, £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Title: Test & Integration EngineerReq ID: 123846BRLocation: Gloucester Summary of roleA fantastic opportunity to join Raytheon UK in our brand new Cyber Centre based in Gloucester. We develop software using a variety of Agile methodologies and you will be involved fully in the software development lifecycle, working closely with the entire team in a truly Agile environment. Working for Raytheon you will be part of a growing team, working alongside world class partner organisations. Raytheon supports on-going professional development through both formal and on-the-job training to help you further develop your career and develop your management and leadership potential. Main duties of the positionPrimary Objective: To design, develop and maintain mission critical applications and systems as part of an Agile team. Key Responsibilities: Apply test skills and experience within the context of an Agile software delivery team Manage test environment(s), data and tool requirements Create and manage automation, both function and non-functional tests and deployment scripts Create and perform exploratory manual testing Contribute to the production of test documents as required Provide test reporting mechanisms Raise defects on the backlog and support the wider development team in their resolution. Be a bastion of Quality and help instil this in the team. Candidate RequirementsEssential Skills Understanding of Agile development and demonstrable application of relevant test methodologies and toolsets. Test script development Experience of Automated Test Tools Experience of Non-Functional testing Experience of Exploratory testingDesirable Skills Experience Working in an Agile/SCRUM/DevOps delivery model  Experience of TDD/BDD Monitoring and Logging tools and techniques Experience of Source Control tools Experience of deploying and configuring complex software under Linux Experience of Continuous Integration Experience of Scripting languages; Python, Perl Understanding of virtualization (eg VMWare and Hyper-V) Linux system administration skill Military or Government project background Knowledge of Information Security \"best practice\" Key Behaviours Good interpersonal skills for customer and partner liaison Good written and oral communication skills Good time management, organisation and prioritisation skills An inquisitive mind and a desire to promote innovation A desire to learn and constantly expand your horizons Ability to work closely with others in a small team Ability to work under pressure High degree of initiative and flexibility Willingness to travel if requiredQualifications  Degree in Numerate Subject or equivalent industry experience essential.  Typical ExperienceWe are looking for test & integration engineers with professional experience.  Hands on experience in an Agile delivery team using industry best of breed technology and techniques within a digital focused organisation. Raytheon Cyber Security  Raytheon has decades of experience in cyber, information operations and information assurance to successfully protect our global customers' critical infrastructure from the most complex threats. Increasing demand for our capabilities has led us to require the building of a new Innovation Centre to support our government, law enforcement and commercial customers. This will create a broad spectrum of new roles to support our customers in developing solutions for cyber security, research and mission support both technical and non-technical. We are looking for highly motivated individuals who are looking for something different from their career and who are demanding of themselves and others around them to achieve success. Raytheon's ambition is to provide an environment that is more silicon valley than security and defence. We want to encourage individual innovation and progression that is both exciting and rewarding, avoiding the dull 'beige' of the standard information security companies. If you are looking for a role and a team that will challenge you to achieve success for our customers then providing you have the skills and the ability to achieve Government clearance we want to hear from you today. 123846BR 123846Relocation Eligible  NoClearance Type  DV - CurrentExpertise  Aerospace/Aeronautical EngineeringAlgorithmsCloud ComputingCommunicationsComputer EngineeringComputer ScienceComputer/Management Information SystemsCyber JobsData ScienceEngineering TechnologyHardware EngineeringInformation and Knowledge SystemsIntegration & Test EngineeringIntelligence AnalystMachine LearningQuality AssuranceResearch & DevelopmentSecuritySoftware EngineeringSystems EngineeringTechnicalTest Engineering Type Of Job  Full TimeWork Location  United Kingdom - Gloucester "	"Gloucester, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Military"	NA	"£20k - £29,999, £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, GBP"	"Raytheon UK"	"Raytheon UK"	"JS3569_5116983/593093819"	"02/12/2018 07:29:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCuT"	NA	NA	NA
"Automated Language Processing & Classification Analyst - French News"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Automated Language Processing & Classification Analyst - French News"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Deliver the French news that matters most to our clients. You're the type of person who always knows about the latest news trends and has a real passion for text analysis and technology. Help to build the product which, in an instant, can deliver news to change the direction of our clients' critically important business decisions.Do you have the creativity, customer relationship and technical skills to help us further improve our French-language news product? If so, we are looking for you!What's the Role? As a member of our News Indexing team, you will be responsible for automated classification of the world's most important French-language financial and economic news with the aim of further entrenching Bloomberg as the leader in the financial news market. You will use specialized software in order to create hierarchical rules that automatically classify Bloomberg and third-party news, as well as data from social media sites. You need to have a keen interest in news and perform research in order to identify news topics that are relevant to the French market and modify or create news classification rules accordingly. You will also identify opportunities to create efficiency in our processes and execute on your ideas.In order to build the strongest local-language products, you will closely collaborate with our partners in Product Strategy, Sales, Analytics and Engineering to understand our clients' needs and build a market-leading French news product. You will also partner with our Sales and Analytics groups to promote our French news product and ensure strong customer uptake. Finally, you will have the chance to learn more about the fields of statistical classification, natural language processing, data science, machine learning and text analysis as we build the next-generation of Bloomberg's proprietary news classification products.What we do in Content Indexing We use proprietary and open-source software to automatically retrieve, parse, organize and tag news from social media sites, news feeds, web sites and other sources that run on the Bloomberg Professional Service. We also build and maintain our complex taxonomy of classification tags according to our clients' needs. Our work is not theoretical or hyper-specific - it is practical and impactful.What we look for:  Bachelor's degree in disciplines such as Data Science, Linguistics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business, Finance, Library Science, or other computer-related specialization  Native ability in spoken and written French  Strong interest/knowledge in financial and economic news  Excellent problem solving skills and ability to pay close attention to detail  Strong written and verbal communication skills  Proven understanding of customer service and experience in building strong relationships with stakeholders  1 - 3 years of professional project management experience in information management with the ability to deliver on tight deadlines  Working knowledge of a programming or query language and experience of using it for a data analysis/data science project (eg R, Python, JavaScript, SQL, etc.) We'd love to find someone who has:  Knowledge of French market trends, themes and drivers  Experience working on data science projects and technologies, especially using NLP techniques to deal with unstructured text corpora  Experience in editing, writing, curating or assigning news stories  Experience in using categorization, filtering or mining software (such as OpenCalais, Datasift, GNIP, Inxight, IDOL, Verity, Clear Forest, Microsoft Fast) Does this sound like you? Apply if you think we're a good match. We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are! In the meantime feel free to have a look at this:We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Bloomberg is a disability inclusive employer. Please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments to be made for the recruitment process.If you would prefer to discuss this confidentially, please email . Alternatively, you can get support from our disability partner EmployAbility, please contact or .Please make sure you mention VERCIDA when asked on your application how you found out about the role. "	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"Bloomberg"	"Bloomberg"	"JS70593/591758600"	"01/12/2018 11:12:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz3a"	NA	NA	NA
"Technical Business Analyst"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Technical Business Analyst"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Sainsbury's is a data rich business - with information collected from consumers, suppliers and colleagues. We believe that there is huge value in these data in driving value for our customers and in turn, value for our shareholders.This role will, in a nutshell, undertake technical business analysis, capturing and documenting requirements to ultimately to make great quality, well understood data available to drive analytics and insights into the business.The role will involve working across a mix of traditional UX, Online, RDBMS, Big Data and new open source platforms with a range of tools and technologies, utilising them in the most appropriate manner to deliver results while developing a strategic capability.The fundamental principle is that data is a corporate asset and as such, we need to manage and govern it in a way which creates value from that asset.What I need to doTurn analytical and reporting business requirements into technical specifications and identify key data needsCapture both functional and non-functional business requirements for data solutions that enable great reporting, analysis and data science Support the enhancement of data models and solution designs across a range of capabilities so that the right data solutions and layers can be developedUndertake standard requirements gathering as well as support rapid discovery, prototyping and data science, that can subsequently be turned into production solutionsEnsure that solutions being developed meet the original requirements and that the appropriate checks and controls are in place throughout the process to do soAnalyse data sources and identify gaps between non-technical business requirements and technical realitiesDocument transformation logic and business rulesCapture business data quality rules and data cleansing rulesValidate the process metadata and row level traceability captured in a metadata hubOwn the requirement from inception through to delivery and releaseWork with the testing teams through a test led approach and participate in testingManage change control through an appropriate processManage and update appropriate artefactsEmbed appropriate data management principles and requirements into documentationTriage and impact assess requirements, providing accurate estimates that are subsequently delivered againstEnsure technical requirements are captured at the appropriate level, that documentation evolves through the process containing necessary functional and non-functional requirementsWork with D&T (IT) service integration team to acquire and land necessary data to appropriate landing strip - samples first, followed by test and production data Prioritise and manage time against demandHow I will succeedDeveloping a great relationship with D&T (IT), peers and the end user community.Facilitate workshops and one to one's to bring the right community together to capture requirements at the right levelBuild a network of contacts in the business, and learn something new about the business every dayHelp the business understand the possibilities and issues with dataBe diligent and positive about issue tracking and sharing knowledgeBe a clear communicator able to discuss and relate well with both technical and non-technical colleaguesWork as a pro-active member of Matrix delivery teams Being focussed on driving value back into the businessManaging a complex mix of work within tight timescales and budgets in an agile way that ensures maximising our value opportunity (time to value).Be seen to be the 'can-do' enabler for the user communityDevelop and utilise your existing network within and outside of the open source community to share, learn, develop new and enhance existing capabilities.What I need to knowHow to capture clear and concise technical, functional and non-functional requirementsAppropriate use of epics, use cases and user storiesClearly a detailed knowledge of the tools, technologies, skills and processes required to deliver a complex and complete solution design capability for the business.Understanding of design and development of data stores, data warehouses and associated toolsetsKnowledge of big-data tools and technologies and traditional data warehouses/toolsetsKnowledge of online, tagging and tracking capabilities and solutions desirableUnderstanding and experience with digital data layersAn understanding of design and development in the cloud (AWS a plus), and the services availableA detailed understanding of how to turn business requirements into technical specificationA deep understanding and experience of working in a mix of delivery methodologies including Agile, Scrum and WaterfallA strong understanding of the applications of data from reporting and analysis through to data scienceWhat I need to showGood facilitation and influencing skills to bring the right people together and enable deliverable requirements to be captured at the right levelAgile backlog and sprint management including estimation, backlog management, sprint planning, sprint reviewsInterest in exploring, modelling, and transforming dataKnowledge of test data creationUnderstanding of relational and non-relational databases, and use cases for eachStrong technical specification and design skillsThe passion, drive and commitment to succeedA proven track record of capturing technical requirements in a large scale, complex business.Resources available to mePeople - an appropriately sized and skilled team and a manager to provide direction and support your developmentToolsets - A strong mix of more traditional and new big data, open source capabilities, jira, Erwin, confluence, etc.A wholly engaged business - keen to have 'data sorted' and equally keen to help What decisions I can makeHow to best facilitate requirements gatheringDrive in terms of personal and professional developmentManagement of time and activities to achieve agreed deliverablesPro-activeness towards recommending improvements to team working and processes"	"London, UK"	"Consulting"	NA	"GBP"	"Sainsbury's"	"Sainsbury's"	"JS1800037F/578353511"	"29/11/2018 09:39:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkgeo"	NA	NA	NA
"Civil and Structural Engineering Graduate Scheme 2019 - Transportation"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Civil and Structural Engineering Graduate Scheme 2019 - Transportation"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Do you want to work on some of the most prestigious, innovative and demanding construction projects within the transportation sector? From Crossrail to HS2, to managing the M25 and construction of a new motorway around Newport to ease congestion and on to London's Heathrow Airport and the London Underground network.Atkins Transportation is a leading supplier of engineering services to government, regulatory and local authorities, infrastructure owners and operators. Our world class team of professionals have extensive skills and expertise across the Transportation sector, which are applied at every stage of projects from feasibility through to detailed design, construction and whole life asset management. These include the design of new bridges, renewal/maintenance of the operational network and its assets, delivery of new highways schemes and highways improvements, permanent way alignment and the civil engineering aspects of rail networks.We've designed our graduate opportunities to provide you with unique experiences as you play your part in all kinds of challenging transportation projects such as HS2, Birmingham New Street Station, Dubai Metro and the Design Build Finance & Operate (DBFO) of the M25.What you'll be doingWorking as a Graduate Engineer, you'll be responsible for: Developing your engineering skills and experience across a variety of rail and highways projects. Delivering solutions to engineering problems. Preparing design documentation, including sketches, drawings, calculations, reports and specifications. Working collaboratively with others to deliver projects to our clients. Ensuring tasks are carried out within agreed timescales and budgets. Comply with Quality, Safety and Environmental legislation and procedures. Using your ideas and creative thinking to drive innovation into our processes and tools to improve the way we deliver our designs. Who we're looking forAchieved or on track to achieve a bachelor's (2.1 or above) or masters (2.2 or above) in, Construction Project Management, Project Management, Physics, Maths, Data Science or any Engineering degree. Drive and determination to achieve Chartered Status. Confident working on your own initiative and as part of multidisciplinary teams. A good communicator who can analyse problems, create innovative solutions and manage your time effectively. A flexible approach to travel as our projects and training may take you to a variety of locations in the UK and possibly abroad. Prepared to undergo a medical assessment, as some roles may involve working out on site. Experience with APM or PRINCE2 would be advantageous. Knowledge of transporting systems or engineering would be advantageous. BenefitsA settling in payment of £2,500 when you join - paid within the first month. Continuous support and mentoring to achieve chartered status with your chosen institution, funded by Atkins. With a chartership/accreditation bonus of £2,500 once attained. A robust career development plan, including a library of core learning modules and on the job technical training. 25 days annual leave, plus bank holidays, with the option to buy up to 15 additional days leave per year. 2 volunteer days per year for you to use for a cause that matters to you. Local graduate forums & a strong graduate network across all locations. Annual events, such as our 2-day graduate induction, ski trips, away weekends, team building activities. "	"United Kingdom"	"Engineering"	NA	"GBP"	"SNC Lavalin's Atkins Business"	"SNC Lavalin's Atkins Business"	"JS5594_747167/570244175"	"28/11/2018 09:40:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWLj"	NA	"Graduate"	NA
"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"48k"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - 48k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior Modelling AnalystCheltenhamUp to £48,000 A niche insurance company seeking a Senior Analyst with a Strong stats background for a Model development role in the Risk Pricing team. A hands on role where you'll build out and deploy statistical models to predict customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivity etc. THE COMPANY: A fast-paced, but informal environment with big growth plans. There have been recent improvements to data capability meaning the stage is set for end to end model development projects across the Risk and Pricing space. THE ROLE: Act as technical mentor to the rest of the team Oversee the quality of team model ouputsLead the development of statistical models for Risk and Pricing function using SAS, SQL, R, Python - predicting customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivityDrive the growth of the business through model and strategy developmentBe pro-active in the optimisation of existing modelsYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Educated to degree level (minimum) with a 2.1 or better in a numerate subjectExperience working in the insurance or actuarial space is preferred but not necessaryExperience using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Earnix, Radar (or similar) on a daily basisExperience developing models in the Risk or Pricing space is highly preferredTHE BENEFITS A leadership role within the teamDevelop statistical models using a variety of tools in a data rich environmentUp to £48,000 + benefitsUp to 2 days working from homeKEYWORDS: Pricing Analyst, Risk Analyst, Insurance, Actuary, Actuarial Analyst, Modelling, Logistic regression, Decision Science, Data Science, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Radar, Earnix "	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"48k"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709272/589412352"	"28/11/2018 07:30:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVmh"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"48k"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - 48k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior Modelling AnalystCheltenhamUp to £48,000 A niche insurance company seeking a Senior Analyst with a Strong stats background for a Model development role in the Risk Pricing team. A hands on role where you'll build out and deploy statistical models to predict customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivity etc. THE COMPANY: A fast-paced, but informal environment with big growth plans. There have been recent improvements to data capability meaning the stage is set for end to end model development projects across the Risk and Pricing space. THE ROLE: Act as technical mentor to the rest of the team Oversee the quality of team model ouputsLead the development of statistical models for Risk and Pricing function using SAS, SQL, R, Python - predicting customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivityDrive the growth of the business through model and strategy developmentBe pro-active in the optimisation of existing modelsYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Educated to degree level (minimum) with a 2.1 or better in a numerate subjectExperience working in the insurance or actuarial space is preferred but not necessaryExperience using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Earnix, Radar (or similar) on a daily basisExperience developing models in the Risk or Pricing space is highly preferredTHE BENEFITS A leadership role within the teamDevelop statistical models using a variety of tools in a data rich environmentUp to £48,000 + benefitsUp to 2 days working from homeKEYWORDS: Pricing Analyst, Risk Analyst, Insurance, Actuary, Actuarial Analyst, Modelling, Logistic regression, Decision Science, Data Science, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Radar, Earnix "	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"48k"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709272/589412352"	"28/11/2018 07:30:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVmh"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"48k"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - 48k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior Modelling AnalystCheltenhamUp to £48,000 A niche insurance company seeking a Senior Analyst with a Strong stats background for a Model development role in the Risk Pricing team. A hands on role where you'll build out and deploy statistical models to predict customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivity etc. THE COMPANY: A fast-paced, but informal environment with big growth plans. There have been recent improvements to data capability meaning the stage is set for end to end model development projects across the Risk and Pricing space. THE ROLE: Act as technical mentor to the rest of the team Oversee the quality of team model ouputsLead the development of statistical models for Risk and Pricing function using SAS, SQL, R, Python - predicting customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivityDrive the growth of the business through model and strategy developmentBe pro-active in the optimisation of existing modelsYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Educated to degree level (minimum) with a 2.1 or better in a numerate subjectExperience working in the insurance or actuarial space is preferred but not necessaryExperience using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Earnix, Radar (or similar) on a daily basisExperience developing models in the Risk or Pricing space is highly preferredTHE BENEFITS A leadership role within the teamDevelop statistical models using a variety of tools in a data rich environmentUp to £48,000 + benefitsUp to 2 days working from homeKEYWORDS: Pricing Analyst, Risk Analyst, Insurance, Actuary, Actuarial Analyst, Modelling, Logistic regression, Decision Science, Data Science, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Radar, Earnix "	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"48k"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709272/589412352"	"28/11/2018 07:30:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVmh"	NA	NA	NA
"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"48k"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Senior Modelling Analyst"	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire - 48k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Senior Modelling AnalystCheltenhamUp to £48,000 A niche insurance company seeking a Senior Analyst with a Strong stats background for a Model development role in the Risk Pricing team. A hands on role where you'll build out and deploy statistical models to predict customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivity etc. THE COMPANY: A fast-paced, but informal environment with big growth plans. There have been recent improvements to data capability meaning the stage is set for end to end model development projects across the Risk and Pricing space. THE ROLE: Act as technical mentor to the rest of the team Oversee the quality of team model ouputsLead the development of statistical models for Risk and Pricing function using SAS, SQL, R, Python - predicting customer behavior for conversion, retention, creditworthiness, up-sell and cross-sell propensities, price sensitivityDrive the growth of the business through model and strategy developmentBe pro-active in the optimisation of existing modelsYOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Educated to degree level (minimum) with a 2.1 or better in a numerate subjectExperience working in the insurance or actuarial space is preferred but not necessaryExperience using SAS, SQL, R, Python, Earnix, Radar (or similar) on a daily basisExperience developing models in the Risk or Pricing space is highly preferredTHE BENEFITS A leadership role within the teamDevelop statistical models using a variety of tools in a data rich environmentUp to £48,000 + benefitsUp to 2 days working from homeKEYWORDS: Pricing Analyst, Risk Analyst, Insurance, Actuary, Actuarial Analyst, Modelling, Logistic regression, Decision Science, Data Science, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Radar, Earnix "	"Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"48k"	"Harnham"	"Harnham"	"JS3561_36709272/589412352"	"28/11/2018 07:30:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVmh"	NA	NA	NA
