"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"company_summary"	"category"	"start_date"	"duration"
"Digital Project Manager"	"£25k - £30k per annum"	"Kidderminster"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Kidderminster - £25k - £30k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager(Project Manager, Media, Digital)I am currently working with an award winning communications agency based in Kidderminster. The company itself works with world leading brands and delivers excellent service stretching from consultancy to media services. The company are now looking for a Digital Project Manager to add to their world leading organisation. Within the role you will be working with the internal digital team to produce high quality service to your clients. While gaining experience through having the opportunity to lead, you will also get the opportunity to progress while continuously receiving support from the digital team around you. Each individual brings something unique to the office environment and in doing so creates a fantastic working culture which has become the driving force behind the company's success. Skills and experience required:. Highly proficient using Microsoft Office. Good knowledge of Windows. Experience with project management tools such as/or similar to Redmine, BaseCamp, etc. Can demonstrate excellent communication and leadership skills The company is looking for a vibrant, motivated and enthusiastic individual who wants to work in a dynamic and co-operative team environment. On a day to day basis it is a casual yet productive environment, everyone works to the best of their ability while enjoying themselves in the process. If you are interested in this role then please apply now for immediate consideration."	"Kidderminster, UK"	"Media"	"£25k - £30k per annum"	"Mortimer Spinks a trading division of Harvey Nash Plc"	"Casey Barrow "	"JS-24605/005"	"07/12/2018 10:19:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl3Wq"	"About Mortimer Spinks a trading division of Harvey Nash Plcwww.mortimerspinks.comWe're Mortimer Spinks, and we're one of the UK's leading innovator in technology recruitment. We work with the most innovative companies in the world. The majority of our customers are defined as entrepreneurial technology organisations, where technology is core to the growth of their business.Technology experts. Delivered by the experts.You can find us in London, Birmingham and Manchester.Our consultants are true experts in what they do. Which means when it comes to technology, we can give you advice on just about anything (go on - try us)."	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"£25k - £32k per annum + Excellent + Bonus"	"Kidderminster"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Kidderminster - £25k - £32k per annum + Excellent + Bonus"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager I am working with a fantastic communication agency based just outside of Kidderminster. They work with fantastic brands all over the world and are growing from strength to strength. They are now looking to add a Digital Project Manager to their growing team. In this role you will be working with internal digital teams to produce fantastic work for your clients, you will also be client facing and working through the full project life cycle. In this role you will quickly get the opportunity to take the lead for specific projects with the support from the rest of the digital team.The office environment and team are genuinely second to none with this business. Everybody works in a collaborative team environment where you can always get your ideas across. On a daily basis it is a casual environment, everyone works hard but has fun whilst they do it.General Skills Needed for the roleGood knowledge of WindowsGood knowledge of Microsoft OfficeExperience with project management tools such as Redmine etcFantastic communication skillsThe most important thing for this organisation is to find passionate and motivated people who want to work in a collaborative environment. If you are interested then please apply now for immediate consideration. "	"Kidderminster, UK"	"IT"	"£25k - £32k per annum + Excellent + Bonus"	"Mortimer Spinks a trading division of Harvey Nash Plc"	"Jack Capel "	"JS-24602/004"	"07/12/2018 10:18:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl3Uj"	"About Mortimer Spinks a trading division of Harvey Nash Plcwww.mortimerspinks.comWe're Mortimer Spinks, and we're one of the UK's leading innovator in technology recruitment. We work with the most innovative companies in the world. The majority of our customers are defined as entrepreneurial technology organisations, where technology is core to the growth of their business.Technology experts. Delivered by the experts.You can find us in London, Birmingham and Manchester.Our consultants are true experts in what they do. Which means when it comes to technology, we can give you advice on just about anything (go on - try us)."	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"£30k - £37k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager"	"London - £30k - £37k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager - Central London My client is seeking a talented Project Manager to work on some exciting projects at their central London office. The successful candidate will ensure the delivery of the projects to the agreed schedule and help ensure the highest quality of solutions. This role will involve developing trustworthy relationships with the clients. Any experience working within a digital agency (or similar) environment is desirable. As well as having a passion for all thing's web, you must also be well versed in SCRUM techniques and Agile methodology and development. Knowledge of CMS is a must (Sitecore and/or Umbraco CMS is again desirable as many of the websites they build are powered by these Content Management Systems). Your responsibilities will include: Ensuring that you, together with the project team, deliver projects on time to client expectations and to our internal quality requirements Ensuring the prompt remediation of clients' issues and concerns Project and team management and client liaison Participation in client meetings and managing expectations Always striving to improve how we do things To be considered for this position, you must: Have current and valid eligibility to work in the UK Speak fluent English Be passionate about the web Be a good communicator "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£30k - £37k per annum"	"RBW Consulting"	"Andrew Spence "	"JSAS - DIGITAL PROJECT MANAGER - CENTRAL LONDON"	"06/12/2018 11:56:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxRG"	NA	"Executive"	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Project Manager - Events"	"£50k - £60k per annum"	"West Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager - Events"	"West Sussex - £50k - £60k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager - EventsMy Sussex based client are currently looking for a Digital project Manager.Their business is one of the most established within the UK and they have been running successful business events such as award shows, conferences and gala dinners for many years now.Ideally they are looking for a Digital Project Manager who has experience within the events industry. You should have knowledge of various events platforms so you will preferably come from an events agency or publisher.You should have experience of managing the digital side of events, for example setting up the software needed for event ticket sales. Also developing sites to promote these events.On top of this you will be creating business cases, requirement specifications and complex project plans.Another aspect of the role will be to look at the current platforms they have in place and making sure that they are still fit for purpose and if not implement new software with the help of the development team.If you feel you have the right skills and background please apply. In accordance with the Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003, this position is advertised based upon DGH Recruitment Limited having first sought approval of its client to find candidates for this position.DGH Recruitment Limited acts as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business"	"West Sussex, UK"	"IT"	"£50k - £60k per annum"	"DGH Recruitment Ltd."	"Andy Briault "	"JS-AB-13231"	"05/12/2018 13:46:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnrH"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Project Manager - B2B, eCommerce, Agile"	"£65k-£70k"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager - B2B, eCommerce, Agile"	"London - £65k-£70k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager - B2B, eCommerce, Agile A leading Financial Service client of mine is currently looking for a Digital Project manager to manage a number of Greenfield Digital Initiatives. We are ideally looking for a Digital Project manager who has managed Business to Business eCommerce projects end-to-end, preferably within the Insurance industry. Key Skills: Digital/eCommerce Project Management Full Project Lifecycle experience Agile Delivery experience eCommerce Delivery Online Business-to-Business platforms Insurance experience - preferable If you have all of the required skills, please apply. Successful candidates will be contacted within 3 working days. Digital Project Manager - B2B, eCommerce, Agile"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£65k-£70k"	"William Alexander Recruitment Ltd"	"Jamie Bevan"	"JSJBDIGITALPM4725"	"07/12/2018 17:19:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkkAj"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Project Manager Agile Marketing Web Finance London"	"£60k-£80k per annum + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager Agile Marketing Web Finance London"	"London - £60k-£80k per annum + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager (Scrum Master Digital Distribution Sales Marketing eMarketing SEO Campaign Project Manager AWS Agile Adobe Cloud Asset Management Finance Banking) required by our asset management client in London.You MUST have the following:Current experience as a digital project manager or scum master within a highly regulated environment (ideally financial services such as banking, asset management or wealth management)Experience coordinating the delivery of digital projects from inception to delivery/go-liveGood knowledge of digital marketing- such as delivery of client-facing websites, contribution to marketing campaigns, email marketing, social media, SEO, digital asset managementExperience delivering technical projects with cross-functional development Scrum teamsExcellent ability to collaborate with the business, provide status reports and manage stakeholders on corporate-scale, complex projectsExcellent understanding of Agile methodologiesThe following is DESIRABLE, not essential:PRINCE2 certificationBanking, wealth management or asset managementExperience delivering Adobe AEM, Apigee, client reporting, sales technology related projectsAgile Scrum Master certifiedDelivery of AWS projectsRole: Digital Project Manager (Scrum Master Digital Distribution Sales Marketing eMarketing Agile Adobe AWS Cloud Finance Banking) required by our asset management client London. This role sits in the Digital team which looks after the company's client facing technology over web, tablet, mobile and email. You will be assigned to a number of the following over the next 12 months- implementation of a Client Reporting System, extracting the Legacy system and integrating the new reporting system with the rest of the application infrastructure; and an Adobe AEM upgrade from v5 to the cloud on v6; the transformation of a number of websites globally; Apigee implementation; and client data work. Delivery of complex corporate digital marketing projects, therefore, is essential. Exposure to website delivery, digital marketing campaigns (emarketing), email marketing, social media, SEO, digital asset management is all highly desirable.In this role, you will be working with Scrum teams of 3-7, comprising developers and business analysts. You will manage the projects from inception to completion, often with several projects running simultaneously. An excellent understanding of Agile methodologies is essential. This will mean you are working with the team daily to drive delivery whilst keeping in sight the longer term strategy. You will have full responsibility of the project's budget and time management; this may extend further to application management where you develop the strategy budgeting of the applications, reporting on this to senior management. You will have an excellent technical understanding and be able to communicate effectively with developers and stakeholders. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience in a financial institution as financial experience is not essential. The company are investing heavily into their London tech department and are one year into an ambitious three year AWS migration initiative. Working hours are 9am-5pm.Salary: £75k - 95k + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension For information about what Personal Data we hold and your rights, please refer to our Privacy Policy."	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance, Sales and Marketing"	"£60k-£80k per annum + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"Joseph Harry Ltd"	"Anthony Russell "	"JS-DIGPM"	"06/12/2018 08:57:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwVA"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager Agile Marketing Web Finance London"	"£80k-£95k per annum + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager Agile Marketing Web Finance London"	"London - £80k-£95k per annum + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager (Scrum Master Digital Distribution Sales Marketing eMarketing SEO Campaign Project Manager AWS Agile Adobe Cloud Asset Management Finance Banking) required by our asset management client in London.You MUST have the following:Current experience as a digital project manager or scum master within a highly regulated environment (ideally financial services such as banking, asset management or wealth management)Experience coordinating the delivery of digital projects from inception to delivery/go-liveGood knowledge of digital marketing- such as delivery of client-facing websites, contribution to marketing campaigns, email marketing, social media, SEO, digital asset managementExperience delivering technical projects with cross-functional development Scrum teamsExcellent ability to collaborate with the business, provide status reports and manage stakeholders on corporate-scale, complex projectsExcellent understanding of Agile methodologiesThe following is DESIRABLE, not essential:PRINCE2 certificationBanking, wealth management or asset managementExperience delivering Adobe AEM, Apigee, client reporting, sales technology related projectsAgile Scrum Master certifiedDelivery of AWS projectsRole: Digital Project Manager (Scrum Master Digital Distribution Sales Marketing eMarketing Agile Adobe AWS Cloud Finance Banking) required by our asset management client London. This role sits in the Digital team which looks after the company's client facing technology over web, tablet, mobile and email. You will be assigned to a number of the following over the next 12 months- implementation of a Client Reporting System, extracting the Legacy system and integrating the new reporting system with the rest of the application infrastructure; and an Adobe AEM upgrade from v5 to the cloud on v6; the transformation of a number of websites globally; Apigee implementation; and client data work. Delivery of complex corporate digital marketing projects, therefore, is essential. Exposure to website delivery, digital marketing campaigns (emarketing), email marketing, social media, SEO, digital asset management is all highly desirable.In this role, you will be working with Scrum teams of 3-7, comprising developers and business analysts. You will manage the projects from inception to completion, often with several projects running simultaneously. An excellent understanding of Agile methodologies is essential. This will mean you are working with the team daily to drive delivery whilst keeping in sight the longer term strategy. You will have full responsibility of the project's budget and time management; this may extend further to application management where you develop the strategy budgeting of the applications, reporting on this to senior management. You will have an excellent technical understanding and be able to communicate effectively with developers and stakeholders. This is an excellent opportunity to gain experience in a financial institution as financial experience is not essential. The company are investing heavily into their London tech department and are one year into an ambitious three year AWS migration initiative. Working hours are 9am-5pm.Salary: £80k - 95k + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension For information about what Personal Data we hold and your rights, please refer to our Privacy Policy."	"London, UK"	"IT, Finance, Sales and Marketing"	"£80k-£95k per annum + 20% Bonus + 10% Pension"	"Joseph Harry Ltd"	"Anthony Russell "	"JS-DIGPM"	"06/12/2018 08:55:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwT1"	NA	"Executive"	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"DOE"	"Crawley"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Crawley - DOE"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager William Reed are recruiting for a Digital Project Manager to work across a range of projects in the events area of our business. We host award ceremonies, conferences, exhibitions and more in the UK and internationally. We're now looking for a talented Project Manager to join us who can manage the digital elements of these events - such as setting up software for event ticket sales/event entries and helping with developing marketing sites to promote events. You will work on a range of projects including our event expansion into the Asian market and review of our current ticketing platform. Key Skills: Extensive digital project management experience with knowledge of event software/systems Analytical and logical thinker Exceptional organisational skills Ability to work effectively with numerous teams and manage stakeholder relationships Why should you apply? Our Digital Delivery team work on business critical projects and you'll be joining a team of highly knowledgeable individuals. You will also have the opportunity to work on international projects and work with a diverse cross section of stakeholders. Hours We are happy to consider someone on a full time basis or someone working 3-4 days per week. We will assess this on a candidate by candidate basis. If you're interested in applying please send your CV through to (see below) "	"Crawley, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, Media"	"DOE"	"William Reed Business Media"	"Helen Murdoch "	"JS"	"04/12/2018 09:16:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYaj"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"£30k - £40k per annum"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Bristol - £30k - £40k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager sought for leading digital agency undergoing rapid growth in Bristol. I'm looking for a creative and passionate Digital Project Manager capable of enthusiastically championing our clients projects, although hopefully you'll find that most of them don't need championing too much!Digital Project Manager:- Proven track record in leading Digital Projects- Must be a focal point between creative and development teams- Ideally will have experience of CMS- Will understand Agile and Scrum We think that we're different from other employers in Bristol, we firmly believe that our staff should always be learning and that we should give opportunities for that to happen. last year we we grew by over 30% and we'll exceed that this year.You'll get the opportunity to work on some incredibly interesting clients with us, including some massive household brands to charities that transform people's lives.We look after our team with paid gym membership, subsidized parking in Bristol, professional training and certifications and some great team days. Our office is loud and energetic and we seek like minded people to help deliver even more growth in 2019.Please apply now or call Tom Clarke for more details.Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position."	"Bristol, UK"	"IT, Media"	"£30k - £40k per annum"	"Lawrence Harvey"	"Tom Clarke "	"JS-TPM"	"10/12/2018 15:01:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmipK"	NA	NA	"01/01/19"	NA
"Digital Project Manager - QA"	"£25k - £35k per annum + Pension, Healthcare"	"Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager - QA"	"Dorset - £25k - £35k per annum + Pension, Healthcare"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager/QA, Dorset, £25k - £35k, AGILE, Waterfall, SDLC, QA RAID, DIGITAL, Prince 2 Your new company  Digital Project Manager/QA - My client is an established award winning digital agency based out newly refurbished offices in the heart of Dorset. Due to year on year growth my client is actively seeking an experienced, professional Digital Project Manager to join their team and contribute to the continued delivery to their expanding portfolio of national/international clients.Your new role  Digital Project Manager/QA - As an experienced Project Manager you will be tasked with project pipeline management, planning and testing of packages/releases of projects for my clients customers.  Working in collaboration with the solutions architect and senior senior leads, project managers and account managers to identify and facilitate the definition of releases, manage the progress of deliverable's  This role will require you to have an understanding of the deliverables that align and adhere to the technical solutions specification, the development of test plans, the execution of this testing and the management of the resolution of bugs.What you'll need to succeed  As the preferred candidate you will have 3/4 years commercial experience as a Project Manager, ideally coming from a technical background as a Developer or Technical Business Analyst. Project management using agile methods for IT projects Testing of software within a digital environment Analytical, process driven and methodical in your approach Able to develop and execute test plans Excellent communication and people management skills Stake Holder management and influencing skills Organisational and time management skills Microsoft Office and in particular Microsoft ExcelWhat you'll get in return  As the preferred candidate you will receive an excellent benefits package that includes, Health Insurance, Child Care Vouchers, Pension Scheme, Additional days holiday for each year completed and team incentives.What you need to do now If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website."	"Dorset, UK"	"IT"	"£25k - £35k per annum + Pension, Healthcare"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment"	"Anthony Acellam "	"JS-3487195"	"07/12/2018 09:37:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl234"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Digital Project Manager - eCommerce"	"£50k + bonus & benefits"	"Chertsey Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager - eCommerce"	"Chertsey Surrey - £50k + bonus & benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager - eCommerce Our client a global leading technology organisation is currently looking for a Digital Project Manager. The Project Manager a key member of the PMO team will work closely with the Online Experience team, E-commerce platform partners, internal support teams and relevant third parties, to deliver projects that are part of the Online Experience strategy. Reporting to the Digital Programme Manager, the Digital Project Manager will work with the Business Analysts and the Support team to deliver key projects prioritised on the roadmap, and will be involved in various different work streams. Essential - Project management experience in an digital or E-commerce environment A high level of Business Intelligence and strong project management skills. Ability to organize project work effectively, reprioritize as new demands/changes arise Exceptionally detail-oriented with strong organisational and communication skills Proven experience across a range of E-commerce technologies and platforms (Hybris experience desirable) - 3rd party integrations Understanding and experience in E-commerce, web technology, and infrastructure Knowledge of corporate global ERP systems (SAP experience desirable) Knowledge of MS Office Tools (Visio, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel) Experience of software development tools, such as Jira and Confluence "	"Chertsey Surrey, UK"	"IT"	"£50k + bonus & benefits"	"MLR Associates"	"Scott Marcoons "	"JS/ECOMM/002"	"10/12/2018 16:43:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkQzM"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"£350.00 - £400.00 per Day"	"London"	"Contract"	"Digital Project Manager"	"London - £350.00 - £400.00 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Contract - Digital Project Manager - Immediate Start - London - Contract Our client is looking for a Digital Project Manager with a well-rounded technical knowledge of E-commerce processes and systems to effectively drive implementation of technical projects that deliver commercial objectives. You will be managing multiple development projects from scoping, stakeholder alignment to execution and QA. Key Skills:Ability to translate commercial/marketing ideas into technical solutionsMagento experience/knowledge essentialExperience working with Amazon E-commerceDemonstrable experience in Agile Testing end to end and Quality assurancePlease forward a copy of your uodated CV to (see below) Contract - Digital Project Manager - Immediate Start - London - Contract This job ad was posted by Salt. To find out more about Salt's Privacy Policy and how your application is processed, please visit our website "	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£350.00 - £400.00 per Day"	"Salt"	"Kiran Jabbal "	"JS-JO-1812-143180"	"04/12/2018 14:54:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glblb"	NA	NA	"10/12/2018"	"6 months"
"Digital Project Manager"	"£37k - £45k per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager"	"London - £37k - £45k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"My client is a successful digital agency that is based in Central London.They are looking to appoint a Digital Project Manager on a permanent basis.You will be managing some of the key accounts that are owned by my client. They are looking for a hand ons individual that is agency-experienced with exceptional project management skills.As the Project Manager you will be involved in managing a range of projects, including both new builds and maintenance.You may even have the opportunity to work on other client projects too.My client believes in exceptional delivery and you will need to have a good understanding of all things digital. You should also be comfortable working in a faced paced environment and working with different levels of stakeholders thorughout the business.You will be responsible for:Scoping, planning and specification of key projectsClient contact on projects during the production life cycleResponsible for 'driving' the client for their deliverables. This includes risks and issues management and knowing when to escalateResponsible for the profitability of these projectsResponsible for managing the quality and delivery of third party servicesEnsure the utmost quality in creative working with Client ServiceWork closely with the Client Services team throughout the project to manage client expectationsExperience and SkillsYou'll be an experienced and confident client-facing PM with a minimum of 3 years of agency experienceYou will be able to demonstrate a fundamental grasp of the principles of project management ideally you will have training in AgileExperience of delivering projects with budgets in excess of £75,000Confident in reporting effectively on project performance to internal teams and client stakeholdersProven experience in managing projects profitably within complex stakeholder environmentsExcellent and efficient communication skills both written and verbalExperience across web builds and E-commerce projectsExperience in requirements gathering and functional specificationExperience with Project Management tools (eg JIRA, Asana, MS Project (or similar)Bright, ambitious, entrepreneurial, likeable, fun and ready for a challengeExperience in managing pitch teams would be a bonusWe are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnerships, pregnancy or maternity or age."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£37k - £45k per annum"	"onezeero"	"Daniyal Bashir "	"JS-50197561"	"05/12/2018 14:31:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloBR"	NA	NA	"ASAP["	NA
"Senior Digital Project manager"	"£50k - 70k per year"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Digital Project manager"	"London - £50k - 70k per year"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"I am currently looking for a Senior Digital Project Manager to join my client's team in London. The client are one of the largest multinational digital agencies working with brands and business which are recognisable worldwide.The Senior Digital Project Manager is being brought into work the full project life cycle on a number of different digital projects. This includes Ecommerce implementation, web builds, software implementation and mobile applications. As mentioned above this is for multinational clients with a worldwide reach, you will be working on Greenfield throughout. It is the nature of the business that you will be working on Projects with a quick turnaround hence the Digital Project Manager will be working on multiple work streams.They are looking for the Digital Project Manager to have to have come from an agency background, ideally working on the above project examples. Also to have solid skills in the fundamentals of Project Management this includes budgeting, planning, developing project statements or work, highlighting risks and issues and raising them to internal and external stakeholders. With this comes key elements of stakeholder management which will be a key part of the chosen candidates skill set, they are looking for someone to be confident with people up to director level.If selected for an interview the candidate will be asked to produce examples of their previous work which includes the Digital Mapping plans, statement of works etc. This may be in a form of a Project that has already gone live, the candidate will need to be prepared to explain how they got to that stage.Key requirements for the Project Manager to have:Working the full project life cycle on digital driven projects, from an agency background. This includes Ecommerce implementation, web builds and mobile applications.Management of key internal and external stakeholders which will include people up to director level and key clients of the agency.Have a strong understanding of the Agile/Scrum method which will include sprint planning.A minimum of 3 years in a digital agency with a minimum of 5 years as a Project Manager.Confident with the fundamentals of Project Management including budgets control, risk management, project timeline and initiation of project to completion.Hands on mentality which will require to handle multiple project work streams at once, and being able to prioritise and to meet business needs.They are looking to pay between £50,000 to £70,000 for the right candidate with the right experience, background and location. With interviews being lined up for ASAP, can be from Thursday this week.If you could be interested then please apply with an up to date CV and give me a call and we can go over the role in more detail."	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£50k - 70k per year"	"X4 Group"	"James Andrews "	"JSJA7890"	"07/12/2018 16:31:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6oS"	"About X4 Groupwww.x4technology.co.ukX4 Technology is an industry leading specialist recruitment business for the tech sector. We are part of the X4 Group, one of the fastest growing and most successful recruitment businesses, with over 10 years of experience in successfully placing mid to senior level contract and permanent professionals across the globe.Cyber Security Big Data Machine Learning & Data Science Business IntelligenceDevOps & Infrastructure Embedded Software Engineering Hardware & Electronics Java Development .Net Technologies Senior IT AppointmentsTestingPHP, Opensource & Ruby on RailsFront End TechnologiesSpecialist JavaScriptBusiness Development SEO, PPC & Analytics Marketing Fintech, Banking & Finance"	NA	NA	NA
"E-Commerce/Digital Project Manager - Fareham - £300/day"	"Up to £300 per Day"	"Fareham"	"Contract"	"E-Commerce/Digital Project Manager - Fareham - £300/day"	"Fareham - Up to £300 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"E-commerce Project Manager to work for growing IT Solutions Provider on one of their flagship client sites to oversee delivery of enhancements, features and upgrades across their eCommerce platform covering Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Supported on site by other colleagues to ensure the highest standard of service to the client.SummaryWorking in a fast paced delivery motivated multi-project environment, the role will be responsible for the project coordination and delivery of projects to the E-commerce and digital platform across the EMEA region. Working with Global, Regional, Affiliate business and technical teams to ensure projects are successfully launched on time and meet business objectives.ResponsibilitiesManage and coordinate stakeholders, development and QA teams to deliver new features and enhancements to eCommerce sitesStatus reporting on a weekly, Monthly and Quarterly basis of all active projectsDeliver to existing project delivery processes and standardsWork with stakeholders and subject matter experts to produce project briefs, prioritized requirements and estimates to kick off projectsTrack risks & opportunities and provide both an effective point of escalation, and onward escalationPerform hands-on project management. Leading projects from ideation, to scoping, to planning and executionBuild and maintain detailed project schedulesManage and triage bugs during the QA phaseProduce and maintain project RAID logsTrack and report on resourcing and budget spendCoordinate regularly with Global, Operations, Brand and Deployment Teams - to ensure EMEA team coordination with Global dependency deliverables.Help communicate the pipeline and ensure project schedule changes are managed through change management process to all stakeholders and teams Team ManagementDirect and Matrix management of a project team of developers, testers and business stakeholders based on and off shoreManage and provide reporting on time spent across project and production tasksEnsure holiday bookings within the team are aligned with project plans. Work with line managers to ensure appropriate planning and visibilityDelegate effectively to manage workload and prioritizationRun regular project meetings. Ensure clear best practise in all meetings, with stated objectives, agendas. Ensure minutes are always taken listing key decisions made. Ensure room bookings are made/conference details are arrangedUnderstand key issues and perspectives to deliver viable options when challenged by barriersUnderstand business objectives and priorities to correctly deploy resourcesSkillsA strong background in web and eCommerce project delivery is a mustAbility to coordinate project delivery, understand and manage resource plans & budgetsExperience of risk analysis/mitigation strategiesExperience working with distributed teams across multiple countriesOutstanding communication skills and client facing professional attitudeStrong interpersonal skills and people skills, both inside and outside of their company'Can do' attitude to any situation with the ability to adapt and still maintain control and high level of client service skillsAttention to detail and ability to think laterally under pressureFirm but fair approach to difficult situationsControlled and methodical working practicesAbility to summarise and present complex technical information to business stakeholdersExcellent time management and prioritization skills to manage high volume workloadNatural innovator bringing fresh ideas, insights and creativity to improve as well as driveAdvantageous but not essentialPrevious roles in an IT/E-com Consultancy or Software Engineering capacityCapable proficiency using JIRAPortfolio, Project or Program Accreditation (eg MSP, PMP, MOP, AGILE etc.)Prince 2 qualification an advantageExperience in Agile and Kanban software project management methodsGrounding and/or genuine interest in digital/online and E-commerceAAP3 is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy."	"Fareham, UK"	"IT"	"Up to £300 per Day"	"aap3"	"Emma Bartle "	"JS-BBBH6582"	"06/12/2018 11:10:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxEM"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months +"
"Project Manager - Digital"	"£55k - £65k per annum"	"Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager - Digital"	"Surrey - £55k - £65k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project ManagerPerm: £55,000 to £65,000Surrey, Greater LondonProject Manager, Digital, Web, App, User Journey, Customer Journey, UX, UI, Developer, Technical, Hands-on, Financial Services, InvestmentsGlobal Investments Firm is looking for a Digital Project Manager to head up a variety of Digital Projects. You will be required to be hands-on. So, technical knowledge is an essential and a developer background is desired. Working within a global organisation will allow you to work on a range of big projects.£55,000 to £65,000Essential requirements:4 to 5 years Project Management experience.Digital experience is an absolute essential.Technical knowledge or developer background is preferred.Previous experience working within Financial Services on big digital projects.Senior Stakeholder management experience.Great written and verbal communication skills.A strong work ethicIf you meet these requirements, please apply!"	"Surrey, UK"	"IT"	"£55k - £65k per annum"	"Harvey Nash IT Recruitment UK"	"Gerard Aitken "	"JS-353058/001"	"07/12/2018 12:51:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5VT"	"About Harvey Nash IT Recruitment UKwww.harveynash.comWelcome to Harvey Nash, a global professional recruitment consultancy and IT outsourcing service provider.We cover roles that include .net, Java, PHP, Perl, Business Analysts, Project Managers, HR, development, infrastructure, risk, support, software engineers, C# and C++ amongst others.We operate from over 40 offices covering the USA, Europe and Asia. Our talented professionals pursue the highest levels of integrity and quality in providing a unique portfolio of services: executive search, interim management, IT and finance recruitment and IT outsourcing."	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Project Manager - Digital"	"55k"	"Edinburgh, Scotland"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager - Digital"	"Edinburgh, Scotland - 55k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager Permanent Salary up to 55,000 Edinburgh We need a Digital Project Manager to join this exciting technical client based in Edinburgh. This company has scaled up massively over the last few years and are continuing to bring on exciting projects within the business. This role will be Monday to Friday and there is free offsite parking. This will be a 1 stage interview process after submission of application, so turnaround will be quick. The key duties of the Digital Project Manager will be: Lead a team of a small team of developers, designers and data scientists Being the voice of software within the company, representing the interests of your team Set standards for software development and delivery using Agile Work closely with Business Project Managers to translate high level business and customer goals into detailed work plans Ensure that these plans are delivered, making changes as necessary Support product development and bid management Help define project scope requirements, produce project plans and manage resources Understand the impact of risks and issues on a project and report on and manage them Essential skills necessary: Proven track record in the delivery of software projects to external customers A detailed understanding of Agile project management methodologies Strong communication and problem solving skills Experience of managing a team and working with external customers and stakeholders is also beneficial for this role. So, if you are an experienced Digital Project Manager who wants to work on exciting projects in nice surroundings, then get in touch with Simon Allen to discuss.  (see below) "	"Edinburgh, Scotland, UK"	"IT"	"55k"	"Be-IT Resourcing"	"Simon Allen "	"JS"	"06/12/2018 12:10:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxRx"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Project Manager (Contract) - Northampton - 3 month"	"£350 - 400 per Day"	"Northampton, Northamptonshire"	"Contract"	"Project Manager (Contract) - Northampton - 3 month"	"Northampton, Northamptonshire - £350 - 400 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project Manager (Contract) - Northampton - 3 month - £350-400Digital Project Manager in Northampton on a 3 month contract for our client who is working on an App/Website refresh project. Commutable from Northamptonshire, Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire.Essential Requirements:3 years' experience as a Digital Project Manager Familiar with App/Website focussed projectsWorked for other local digital agenciesComfortable working in small teamsStrong history of contract extensionsExcellent communication skills If this sounds like an appealing opportunity to you then get in touch with me ASAP. The client is looking to have the successful candidate start before the festive period and act as an interim running into 2019 so please act fast. Please bear in mind that I will only be able to speak to candidates with relevant experience due to the urgency of the situation.If you are interested in this role, please forward your updated CV to Dan Irvine at Opus Recruitment Solutions for consideration or call me on my direct dial."	"Northampton, Northamptonshire, UK"	"IT"	"£350 - 400 per Day"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Daniel Irvine "	"JSDPM/NN/07"	"07/12/2018 17:14:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl6uV"	NA	NA	"2018-12-17"	"3 months"
"Project Manager"	""	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"(Tank Recruitment - Digital Project Manager - IT Project Manager - IS Project manager - Software development Project manager - Saas Project Manager)IT Project managerOn Behalf of our client a well-established company not only in Bristol but throughout the UK and EU we are resourcing for an experienced IT/Digital Project Manager.You will be experienced (certified preferred) in Prince2, PMP, AMP or similar and have a good working Knowledge of Agile and Scrum methodologies (certified preferred)The RoleYou will be at the forefront of the clients B2B and B2C business delivering complex digital projects. Using Agile, Prince2 and similar methodologies to fit the project at hand, flexibility is a must while delivering projects on time, on budget to the highest quality.Projects can be web based; Mobile tech, as well as SAAS based projects, so a good mixture of experience will be beneficial. Working with world renown clients you will be the face of the company on these projects, professionalism is a must have as well as attention to detail.Skills Required.Proven experience using a range of project management methodologiesyou'll know how to capture and understand a client's requirements and translate them into workable, exciting solutions.Demonstrable experience of managing a range of mid to large-scale projects and sizeable budgetsAbility to proactively manage dependencies, overcome obstacles and get the best value against constraintsGood level of technical knowledge - you'll have a broad awareness of a range of tools, standards, and platforms, you'll have solid estimating skills, you'll know a good few acronyms, and you'll have a good sense of what's possible (and what's not).Enthusiasm for project management and continuous improvement - you're someone who takes pride in achieving the best possible quality, productivity and efficiency for clients and your team.Discipline, determination and focus. You'll be confident to manage your own and your team's time effectively even when there are lots of competing demands.To be considered for this role please apply with your full CV and project list, I look forward to speaking with you."	"Bristol, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Tank Recruitment Limited"	"Mathew Bennett "	"JS-DIGITALPM"	"06/12/2018 16:52:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyXg"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Project Manager"	""	"Cardiff"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager"	"Cardiff"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Tank Recruitment - Digital Project Manager - IT Project Manager - IS Project manager - Software development Project manager - Saas Project ManagerIT Project managerOn Behalf of our client a well-established company not only in Bristol but throughout the UK and EU we are resourcing for an experienced IT/Digital Project Manager.You will be experienced (certified preferred) in Prince2, PMP, AMP or similar and have a good working Knowledge of Agile and Scrum methodologies (certified preferred).The RoleYou will be at the forefront of the clients B2B and B2C business delivering complex digital projects. Using Agile, Prince2 and similar methodologies to fit the project at hand, flexibility is a must while delivering projects on time, on budget to the highest quality.Projects can be web based; Mobile tech, as well as SAAS based projects, so a good mixture of experience will be beneficial. Working with world renown clients you will be the face of the company on these projects, professionalism is a must have as well as attention to detail.Skills Required:Proven experience using a range of project management methodologiesyou'll know how to capture and understand a client's requirements and translate them into workable, exciting solutions.Demonstrable experience of managing a range of mid to large-scale projects and sizeable budgetsAbility to proactively manage dependencies, overcome obstacles and get the best value against constraintsGood level of technical knowledge - you'll have a broad awareness of a range of tools, standards, and platforms, you'll have solid estimating skills, you'll know a good few acronyms, and you'll have a good sense of what's possible (and what's not).Enthusiasm for project management and continuous improvement - you're someone who takes pride in achieving the best possible quality, productivity and efficiency for clients and your team.Discipline, determination and focus. You'll be confident to manage your own and your team's time effectively even when there are lots of competing demands.To be considered for this role please apply with your full CV and project list, I look forward to speaking with you."	"Cardiff, UK"	"IT"	NA	"Tank Recruitment Limited"	"Mathew Bennett "	"JS-DIGITALPM"	"06/12/2018 16:55:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlyY4"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Senior Digital Delivery Manager"	"£550 Per Day"	"London, Manchester"	"Contract"	"Senior Digital Delivery Manager"	"London, Manchester - £550 Per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"*For IR35 purposes, this role it out of scope*  London, Newcastle upon Tyne, Leeds, Manchester  Role Description A Senior Digital Project Manager ensures that the expected outcomes of a digital project are met within cost and time constraints. They are typically accountable for high risk, complex digital projects and may be handling more than one project at a time. They use their extensive understanding of the digital activities needed to help dynamically organise internal digital teams and digital suppliers to optimise their chances of success. Critically they are accountable for setting a good, sustainable pace for team members and suppliers. They apply good project management practice for planning, tracking progress, managing risks and issues, financial management, scope control, resource management, stakeholder management and governance. They are accountable for efficient integration with other delivery teams and departmental governance. They are experts in resolving conflict and in ensuring good collaboration. General Responsibilities  Lead and work with their team to ensure they have the right working environment and the tools needed to deliver value based on what users need  Engaging collaboratively with product owners, stakeholders and business analysts to set priorities for teams and communicate what is achievable for projects and programmes  Encourage a culture of innovation focused on adding value  Effectively manage team dynamics when working across Departmental and other boundaries  Work with product owners and other stakeholders to define the road map for products and services and work with teams to translate that into an achievable backlog  Lead the collaborative, dynamic planning process, helping teams to prioritise work that needs to be done against the capacity and capability of the project or programme  Monitor team, project and programme progress frequently and comprehensively to optimise and adjust plans reporting regularly to senior stakeholders  Keep track of and communicate the team progress against prioritised backlogs and making necessary adjustments to plans  Ensuring sponsors and genuine stakeholders are on-board throughout and that non-genuine or minor stakeholders don't impede momentum  Engage with the sponsor to monitor and feed into the business case from initiation and as it changes throughout the project life cycle drawing on expertise from suppliers, users, subject matter experts and external consultants  Track spending and forecast regularly to remain within budget tolerances demonstrating continually improving forecast and spend accuracy.  Effectively lead suppliers to get optimum value from their engagement  Lead successful delivery outcomes across all stages of the development life cycle projects and programmes, making sure that products at all stages are fully tested, perform at scale and are fit for purpose.  Actively participate in the community, learning, sharing and re-applying skills and knowledge and bringing in good practice Essential Skills  Have the ability to motivate peers to deliver at pace and set a positive team environment. Be able to manage difficult relationships and help teams overcome conflicts  Have experience of leading the delivery of digital services from inception through to go live. Also experience of in-production enhancement of services.  Be adept at spotting project risks and blockers to work and remove or action them. Be a creative and effective planner - both internal and external to team - optimising speed to market, value and quality. Be able to solve or escalate issues quickly and effectively, identifying themes and help the team learn from experience  Have experience in understanding and managing budgets and preparing bids for funding/business case approval. Experience of working within a public sector or large organisation  Can demonstrate experience of procurement, commercial and supplier management in a public sector or large organisation. Demonstrates ability to adjust quickly to changing priorities and conditions and to cope effectively with complexity and change. Desirable Have experience of working with security related stakeholders and expert teams to enable secure service provision. Accreditation & Qualifications SFIA 6  IT management Level 6  Business risk management Level 5  Portfolio management Level 5  Programme management Level 6  Project management Level 6  Systems development management Level 5  Resourcing Level 5 *For IR35 purposes, this role it out of scope*  If you match these requirements, please apply in the normal way. Elevate will send you an email, please open, click and action that email and your application will be visible to the hiring organisation directly."	"London, Manchester, UK"	"IT"	"£550 Per Day"	"Elevate Direct"	"Elevate Direct"	"JS-GC-DWP4565-041218"	"04/12/2018 14:51:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glbkw"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	"6 months"
"Project Manager (Agile application delivery)"	"£65k - 75k per annum, Benefits: Excellent Benefits"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Project Manager (Agile application delivery)"	"London - £65k - 75k per annum, Benefits: Excellent Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Project Manager (Agile application delivery) Location: London, central. Salary: Up to £75K Basic + Benefits package. Very flexible office hours. Amazing annual trips. Senior Digital | Web App Project Manager, with Agile experience required. Keywords: Project Manager, Digital Project Manager, Technical Project Manager, Agile Project Manager, Agile, Java, JavaScript, Micro Services, Technical Account Manager, London. Experienced Agile Project Manager required by established, very modern & excellent Digital/Technical agency with numerous projects ready to go.You'll feel comfortable working on fresh, free to set up as you wish with the management team projects, as we've just won 3 of them!We are usually seen as the \"technical experts\" on projects & therefore have a strong reputation within the technical scene in London. We have an excellent presence in the cutting-edge tech' start-up scene, but also partner with clients on larger web application builds too. Typically steering them toward using & experimenting with the latest frameworks, technology & delivery systems. You will want to join a technology driven, passionate team of people, working from the heart of Shoreditch/Old Street who work hard to design, develop & deliver the very best applications using the very latest technology. You'll work from lovely offices with free food, drink, balcony BBQ & several Xbox/PlayStations to choose from. We'd like to see some of the below experience: - Working with & delivering technology/software led projects with Agile practices & principals. Including planning, estimating & reporting. Any experience in Lean & MVP software development would be ace too. - Knowledge of web & mobile technologies. To be clear, we do NOT need a developer, but we do need someone who can talk confidently around modern web & mobile technologies. - Familiarity with SCRUM, Kanban & other similar Agile methodologies with the ability to coach team members, as well as clients in their application & use. - Any Scrum Master experience, past experience, or interest to develop this further would be good, but not required. So, we like to think that we offer a very good place to work & nice people to spend 8 hours a day with.  If you'd like to see what working with us is like, please get in touch to find out more!"	"London, UK"	"IT"	"£65k - 75k per annum, Benefits: Excellent Benefits"	"Verticality Ltd"	"Alex Lover "	"JSAL059755"	"10/12/2018 17:31:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmkxU"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	NA
"Project Manager - E-Commerce"	"Up to £450 per Day"	"West End, London"	"Contract"	"Project Manager - E-Commerce"	"West End, London - Up to £450 per Day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We're looking for a world-class Project Manager with E-commerce experience to work on a global E-commerce transformation for a luxury fashion/beauty retailer based in Central London. The role will involve extensive new features and developments to the company's website(s). The ideal candidate will have experience in fashion or luxury retail as a Digital Project Manager, specifically working on E-commerce projects.The successful candidate will have relevant experience, along with outstanding communication & stakeholder management skills and an enthusiastic & ambitious attitude. We are looking for someone who will go above and beyond at every opportunity.If working with a world-renowned luxury retail organisation isn't enough, this role will carry a high level of influence and decision-making power, a 12-month contract (likely to be extended) and up to £450 per day remuneration.Apply below with an up to date CV with experience relevant to this role and we will be in touch to provide more information."	"West End, London, UK"	"Retail"	"Up to £450 per Day"	"La Fosse Associates Limited"	"Joseph Brown "	"JS-36340"	"06/12/2018 18:13:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlzB9"	NA	NA	"ASAP"	"12 months"
"Digital Project Manager"	"50k Annual 00 GBP"	"Brighton, Sussex"	"Unspecified"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Brighton, Sussex - 50k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Digital Project ManagerRole OverviewProject Manager with experience of managing web/eCommerce projects is required by a leading eCommerce platform based in Brighton. Candidates can expect a salary of up to £50,000 The Project Manager will be responsible for delivering a wide range of digital projects which will include the development of Content Management Systems (CMS), website redevelopment, mobile development and digital marketing projects. ClientCV Screen is working with a leading eCommerce platform based in Brighton Skills RequiredThe Project Manager will have the following experience:- Proven Project Management experience, ideally managing digital/eCommerce projects.- Experience of managing large scale web implementations Who would the role suit?The role would suit a Project Manager who has a passion for everything Digital/Web based. Location: Brighton Salary/Benefitsto £50,000 + Excellent career prospectsTo Apply:Please email your CV through to Jason Price in strict confidence. CV Screen Ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the Privacy Policy which can be found on the CV Screen website.  "	"Brighton, Sussex, UK"	"Media"	"50k Annual 00 GBP"	"CV Screen"	"CV Screen"	"JS3561_36545999/598329518"	"06/12/2018 07:06:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvIk"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager - Global Charity!"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Digital Project Manager - Global Charity!"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Digital Project Manager - Global Charity!An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Digital Project Manager with experience delivering multi-channel Digital Projects to join this award winning global charity based near Battersea, London. You will take the lead on Digital project delivery within a hugely worthwhile and collaborative environment. The Digital Project Manager will lead on a website redesign as well as the delivery of multiple global initiatives! The charity are looking for you to help grow the function with you as the lead!Skills required for the Digital Project Manager:Multi - project delivery experienceGood knowledge of Agile methodologyExperience working with stakeholders and 3rd partiesPrevious work in charity sector is ideal (not necessary)Digital Project Manager - Global Charity!Location: Battersea, LondonSalary: £38,000 - £42,000 + Excellent benefits Apply now for immediately consideration regarding this excellent opportunity! Understanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy. "	"London, UK"	"Community"	"GBP"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"Understanding Recruitment"	"JS9D9F2902/588872205"	"07/12/2018 13:12:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5ZX"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"40k Annual 00 GBP"	"Chester, Cheshire"	"Unspecified"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Chester, Cheshire - 40k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"This role is based in Liverpool but easily commutable from Chester!   Calling all Digital Project Managers! Join a highly successful agency in Liverpool as their new Digital Project Manager and work with multi-million pound clients, whilst enjoying regular nights out, flexi-time, key training to develop further in your role and much more!  With over two decades experience within the digital industry, our client is certainly a force to be reckoned with. As an agency, they pride themselves on delivering high-quality, innovative digital solutions to some of the biggest brands in the world, therefore, it will come as no surprise that they have won multiple prestigious awards over the years. Due to an increase in new business, the company is now looking to hire a hard-working Digital Project Manager to join the very sociable team! The Digital Project Manager will be responsible for managing a strong client portfolio of high profile clients. They will also manage the digital production workload, taking care of briefs and allocating workload to the digital studio, therefore, the successful candidate will demonstrate an ambitious attitude as well as an understanding of Magento. The Main Responsibilities of the Digital Project Manager:  Manage workflow and digital campaign production on allocated accounts to meet quality, financial and delivery requirementsDeal with client requests providing exceptional customer service, quickly, quality and responsesTake digital production briefs and raise any missing detail with the client in order to fully satisfy company briefAllocate Digital Studio workload reviewing and maintaining a weekly workflow scheduleEnsure quality control is applied at all stages of the process with both internal teams and with external suppliersThe Key Skills and Attributes Required:  Experience within a similar roleMagento experience is vital for the roleEnthusiastic, energetic and keen to succeedSolution finder and problem solverHighly organised and calm under pressureConfident and clear communicator and able to deal with clients of all levelsPositive and resilient in a high workload, high energy environmentIf this sounds like you then do not hesitate and apply today!   "	"Chester, Cheshire, UK"	"Media"	"40k Annual 00 GBP"	"The Candidate Ltd"	"The Candidate Ltd"	"JS3561_36646480/581812784"	"07/12/2018 07:02:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2EP"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Digital Project Manager"	"GBP"	"Weybridge, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Digital Project Manager"	"Weybridge, Surrey - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"BENEFITS This is a contract position lasting until December 2019, with an excellent package. 25 days holiday per annumFlexible RewardsFree onsite parkingShuttle Bus to and from Weybridge train station Subsidised restaurantSUMMARY Our award winning client are seeking a Digital Project Manager on a one year contract basis. The role requires a well-rounded technical knowledge of E-commerce processes and systems to effectively drive implementation of technical projects that deliver commercial objectives. The role will be responsible for translating marketing ideas into technical solutions across multiple projects including responsibility for scoping, stakeholder alignment to execution and quality assurance.  During 2019 there will be a variety of projects which will include working closely with the digital marketing team and global IT, scoping project requirements, mapping systems, creating and managing project schedules alongside global IT, tracking the progress of projects with the internal teams and end to end testing and reporting on project results. JOB DESCRIPTION Implement Global redesign project which will also include front and Back End split and transition from Magento 1 to 2. You will be responsible in ensuring successful implementation into the UK market working closely with global IT team and local agency.Manage implementation of PIM (Product Information Management) tool for managing products in Back End of Magento. Ensure fit for purpose and submit changes for improvement. Once implemented support day to day queries from stock management and warehousing teams who will be using the tool. Ensure agency loads new products in a timely manner, and together complete end to end testing from order to dispatch.Work with developers and 3rd party agencies to scope, plan and implement new functionality on the site and oversee the delivery of all large site updates to developers in a clear and concise manor.Monitor and drive the progress of tasks assigned to the development team (global IT/Local Agency), front and Back End using enterprise driven in house change management processes including securityDigital budget split between global and UK, majority of budgets included at global level, but any large UK driven projects will require budget assessment and phasing into the overall digital marketing budget and will involve close liaison with the digital marketing manager who will raise all PO's and goods receipting accordingly.SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED Educated to Degree level or equivalentMinimum 3 years' experience in digital project manager role. Wide technical understanding across E-commerce systems including Magento. A high level of commercial awareness and effectiveness translating marketing ideas into technical solutions and can quickly grasp and translate what is do-able, what is not. Demonstrable experience in end to end testing and quality assurance.Ability to translate commercial/marketing ideas into technical solutions essentialCapable of working collaboratively across teams with high attention to detail is vitalAble to communicate effectively in English at all levels.Strong knowledge of Word, Excel and PowerPoint required.Planning & Organising, Analytical mind-set, People Management, Excellent verbal and writing skills a natural communicator, Project Management, Decision Making, Analysis & Problem Solving, Risk Management, Time Management, Relationship Building."	"Weybridge, Surrey, UK"	"Retail"	"GBP"	"Clockwork Recruitment Ltd"	"Clockwork Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36725809/596908474"	"05/12/2018 12:46:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnBd"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"eCommerce Digital Project Manager"	"40k Annual GBP"	"City, Bristol"	"Unspecified"	"eCommerce Digital Project Manager"	"City, Bristol - 40k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"We're on the hunt for a talented Digital Project Manager (or perhaps even a Junior Project Manager looking for a step up) for one of the UK's top eCommerce agencies. They are a recognised Magento partner and work with some of the biggest retail/eCommerce brands in the world. This is an opportunity to work with a team of experts in the eCommerce field and join a business who are really going places. The have just bought a brand new office in a central Bristol location and they have a relaxed but forward-thinking work culture and huge amounts of training and career development opportunities. You'll have full support from the Client Services Director who is an eCommerce expert (they used to be a developer and have climbed the ranks and now offers industry leading eCommerce consultancy to some of the best in the industry), and working closely with them on some of the agency's key clients will enable you to become a true eCommerce expert. If you already consider yourself an eCommerce expert then we're also keen to hear from you!The experience we need.- Experience as a Digital Project Manager working on web development projects from conception to completion. If you're an Account Manager (or similar) working on website development projects outside of eCommerce then we're also interested in hearing from you. Candidates who've worked in eCommerce, who've perhaps launched their own eCommerce sites and would like a career in Project Management are also very welcome to apply. - eCommerce experience is an added bonus. There is room for a higher salary for candidates with circa 5 years of eCommerce project management/consultancy experience. Magento experience would be desirable at this level. - Worked in a digital web build agency or in-house for an eCommerce business. - Experience in a client-facing role and the ability to deal with the needs of a wide range of clients. The role.The successful eCommerce Project Manager won't just project manage eCommerce web builds from start to finsih and look after the financials of project management, you'll also get to work with clients at the solution design phase. Depending on your experience, you can get stuck into some really meaty eCommerce projects from day one, or start by working as part of a team on smaller projects in order to get up to speed. The company.With a big stamp already in their industry, the company's goal is to keep growing and to become the go-to people in the world of eCommerce. These guys know that without the right people on board, that vision is impossible. With a culture that is widely desired but rarely fulfilled, this is an amazing place to be and although top quality work is the highest of priorities, birthday cake and after work drinks are equally important. This agency is located in a fantastic location, easily commutable for those in Bristol as well as those commuting from surrounding areas. What you'll get in return.- A competitive salary with a bracket of £25k-£35k depending on experience for a midweight project manager. They are also willing to pay a higher salary for a more senior candidate with Magento experience. - A very clear path for progression within an agency that shares your ambition to progress. - To be surrounded by colleagues of the highest calibre always looking to push forward and inspire one-another. How to apply.If this sounds of interest, then please click the apply button right away!For more info on this or similar roles please give Sam Kacher a call. "	"City, Bristol, UK"	"Media"	"40k Annual GBP"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"JS3561_36787258/600440564"	"09/12/2018 09:14:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRWI"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Freelance Senior Digital Project Manager/Delivery Manager"	"275.00 - 325.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Bristol"	"Unspecified"	"Freelance Senior Digital Project Manager/Delivery Manager"	"City, Bristol - 275.00 - 325.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"One of our best Digital agency clients is on the hunt for a freelance Senior Digital Project Manager/Senior Delivery Manager working from their Bristol office. You'll get to work on some very cutting edge tech projects for two huge clients - one is a charity and the other is a well known consumer brand. They're looking for an immediate start (but there might be a little bit of flexibility on this) and the contract will run as long as it takes to hire a permanent candidate (likely to be a minimum of 2 months, but probably more considering notice periods and time to hire). If you are an experienced freelance Senior Digital Project Manager, experienced Midweight Project Manager, Project Director, Delivery Manager or have a similar job title, then please get in touch! The experience we need.- A proven track record as a Digital Project Manager or delivery manager, successfully delivering complex, technical solution-based projects involving web developers, UX and testers.- Some experience managing more creative, content-focussed projects would be handy too but isn't essential.- You don't need to have worked in an agile environment before, but an interest/experience in this will help. The ideal candidate will have worked with both Agile and Waterfall. - Digital agency, or consultancy experience is highly desirable. - It goes without saying that you'll need have a proven track record as a project manager, delivering digital/tech projects, on time, to budget and quality.The role. The Senior Digital Project Manager/Delivery Manager will report into a Delivery Lead who is essentially an Agile coach/scrum master. The team adopts an agile approach, but it is flexible depending on the scale and nature of projects. They still use waterfall at times too. You'll manage some ground breaking web and mobile tech projects for a well-known global brand as well as a really nice charity client. It'll be fast-paced, hugely varied, and as tech changes in line with their clients' needs, you'll be sure to stay at the forefront of digital and tech. What you'll get in return.- A day rate in the region of region of £300/day. - A nice rolling contract that could last quite a while- Great office environment, flexible working options and a great team around you How to apply.If this sounds of interest, then please click the apply button right away!For more info on this or similar roles please give Sam Kacher a call. "	"City, Bristol, UK"	"Media"	"275.00 - 325.00 Annual GBP"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"JS3561_36631489/578730235"	"06/12/2018 07:05:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvIR"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Delivery Lead/Senior Project Manager - Agile."	"55k Annual GBP"	"City, Bristol"	"Unspecified"	"Delivery Lead/Senior Project Manager - Agile."	"City, Bristol - 55k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a talented Delivery Lead to join a fantastic digital marketing agency in Bristol. We are looking for someone who is keen and able to take ownership of a brand-new role and has a passion for coaching teams through challenges and solving complex problems using cutting-edge technology. So, if you are an experienced Senior Digital Project Manager, Project Director, Scrum Master, Agile Coach, Delivery Director or have a similar job title, get in touch! The experience we need.- A proven track record in successfully delivering complex, technical solution-based projects. - You need to have worked in an agile environment within a digital agency or consultancy. You will ideally have agile & waterfall experience. - You will have excellent collaborative and leadership skills and be able to communicate seamlessly with those around you to encourage and support members of your team. - You must have demonstrated the ability to facilitate and troubleshoot/problem solve- You will have the ability to create proposals and convert opportunities- You are comfortable with project governance- You will have experience demonstrating commercial capabilities ie estimating, monitoring, reporting, team utilisation- You must show working knowledge of technology solutions - be able to articulate them- You must have worked with multi-disciplinary teams - ie strategy, ux, design, dev, QA etc - not just from a software house backgroundOther bonus skills (not essential). - Experience working with government or public sector clients- Experience in app development as well as online tools and services- Scrum Master qualificationThe role. This is a brand-new role within an ever-evolving digital marketing agency here in Bristol. As the Delivery Lead, you will be responsible for the delivery of all your teams' projects, taking the lead, but being collaborative and coaching your team. As well as overseeing your teams' projects and line managing the delivery team, you will also manage some project delivery yourself, so role will be nice and varied. A huge part of this role will be encouraging collaboration between your team members and the wider teams within the agency. As this agency moves into a fluid, agile environment, they are looking for someone to take ownership of the role and be a passionate, reliable and responsible point of contact for those around them. Your planning skills will need to be exceptional and your management skills will need to be effective, flexible and personable in order to succeed in this role. The company.This agency is dedicated to growing its client's brands and being impeccable problem solvers, able to find a solution to any digital marketing or technical problem. The agency is firmly established within its industry and due to their dedication to development, they stay at the very top of their game. They are known as being a fantastic place to work, filled with passionate people who love what they do, whilst also being a great bunch of people. What you'll get in return.- A highly competitive salary in the region of £45K-£55K. - 20 days holiday allowance, plus bank holidays, plus 2 weeks Christmas shutdown (38 days in total) - Opportunity to take unpaid holiday- Additional training budget- Contributory pension scheme - Health care benefits- Childcare Vouchers- Cycle to Work Scheme- Employee Assistance Scheme, training and career milestone- Plus, excellent staff relaxation area, free fruit and drinks at work  How to apply.If this sounds of interest, then please click the apply button right away!For more info on this or similar roles please give Sam Kacher a call. "	"City, Bristol, UK"	"Media"	"55k Annual GBP"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"JS3561_36482943/600440696"	"10/12/2018 17:20:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmkle"	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Delivery Lead/Senior Project Manager - Agile."	"55k Annual GBP"	"City, Bristol"	"Unspecified"	"Delivery Lead/Senior Project Manager - Agile."	"City, Bristol - 55k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a talented Delivery Lead to join a fantastic digital marketing agency in Bristol. We are looking for someone who is keen and able to take ownership of a brand-new role and has a passion for coaching teams through challenges and solving complex problems using cutting-edge technology. So, if you are an experienced Senior Digital Project Manager, Project Director, Scrum Master, Agile Coach, Delivery Director or have a similar job title, get in touch! The experience we need.- A proven track record in successfully delivering complex, technical solution-based projects. - You need to have worked in an agile environment within a digital agency or consultancy. You will ideally have agile & waterfall experience. - You will have excellent collaborative and leadership skills and be able to communicate seamlessly with those around you to encourage and support members of your team. - You must have demonstrated the ability to facilitate and troubleshoot/problem solve- You will have the ability to create proposals and convert opportunities- You are comfortable with project governance- You will have experience demonstrating commercial capabilities ie estimating, monitoring, reporting, team utilisation- You must show working knowledge of technology solutions - be able to articulate them- You must have worked with multi-disciplinary teams - ie strategy, ux, design, dev, QA etc - not just from a software house backgroundOther bonus skills (not essential). - Experience working with government or public sector clients- Experience in app development as well as online tools and services- Scrum Master qualificationThe role. This is a brand-new role within an ever-evolving digital marketing agency here in Bristol. As the Delivery Lead, you will be responsible for the delivery of all your teams' projects, taking the lead, but being collaborative and coaching your team. As well as overseeing your teams' projects and line managing the delivery team, you will also manage some project delivery yourself, so role will be nice and varied. A huge part of this role will be encouraging collaboration between your team members and the wider teams within the agency. As this agency moves into a fluid, agile environment, they are looking for someone to take ownership of the role and be a passionate, reliable and responsible point of contact for those around them. Your planning skills will need to be exceptional and your management skills will need to be effective, flexible and personable in order to succeed in this role. The company.This agency is dedicated to growing its client's brands and being impeccable problem solvers, able to find a solution to any digital marketing or technical problem. The agency is firmly established within its industry and due to their dedication to development, they stay at the very top of their game. They are known as being a fantastic place to work, filled with passionate people who love what they do, whilst also being a great bunch of people. What you'll get in return.- A highly competitive salary in the region of £45K-£55K. - 20 days holiday allowance, plus bank holidays, plus 2 weeks Christmas shutdown (38 days in total) - Opportunity to take unpaid holiday- Additional training budget- Contributory pension scheme - Health care benefits- Childcare Vouchers- Cycle to Work Scheme- Employee Assistance Scheme, training and career milestone- Plus, excellent staff relaxation area, free fruit and drinks at work  How to apply.If this sounds of interest, then please click the apply button right away!For more info on this or similar roles please give Sam Kacher a call. "	"City, Bristol, UK"	"Media"	"55k Annual GBP"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"Henry Nicholas Associates"	"JS3561_36482943/600440696"	"10/12/2018 17:20:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmkle"	NA	NA	NA	NA
