"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"
"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"£22-25K"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex"	"Permanent"	"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex - £22-25K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Colchester United Football Club are seeking a U23 Chartered Physiotherapist. Working full time with the U23 players as part of an exciting, progressive Cat 2 Academy. Providing medical cover and rehabilitation advise daily including training and matches. The matches will be at various venues including Florence Park, The Jobserve Community Stadium and away venues. These games will involve some travel and occasional overnight stays. This post requires the successful applicant to undertake an enhanced DBS check. Key Responsibilities:  Assess and diagnose injuries to the full time U23 players   Treat these injuries as required   Design, advise and implement specific rehabilitation programmes for these injuries to players   Design and implement specific individual prehabilitation programmes based on player screenings   Keep accurate and comprehensive medical records on the PMA system   Attend medical consultations and scans associated with U23 players injuries  Requirements:  CSP and HCPC registration   Desirable   ATTMiF qualified (if not a desire to achieve this as soon as possible)   Individual Characteristics   Hard working   Clean driving license   Good communication skills.  Salary: £22 - £25K per annum Closing date: 12/12/18"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex, UK"	"Community"	"ASAP"	"£22-25K"	"Colchester United Football Club"	"Tony Flynn"	"JSCUFC/PHYSIO"	"04/12/2018 07:02:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPfD"	NA
"Specialist Physiotherapist"	"GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Specialist Physiotherapist"	"Southwark, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Rec Pool are currently recruiting on behalf of our client in London for a Physiotherapist to join their well-established private hospital based in South London. They are looking to appoint to this role immediately and are looking for someone to work Full time hours, the ideal candidate will need experience working within a similar setting.Your Responsibilities will include:Carry out advanced neurological physiotherapy assessments and treatment to patients, often with diverse, complex, or multiple pathologies and presentationsTo work as an autonomous practitioner to formulate treatment plan and management programme according to assessment findings and to develop and maintain high standards of patient care.To be an essential member of the physiotherapy and MDT contributing to the management of the department and training and supervision of students, assistants and other health care professionalsTo contribute to the management and development of staff especially with regard to all aspects of clinical governance and to deputise for senior staff as requiredTo utilise research skills for audit, policy, service development and clinical researchTo provide an advanced neurological physiotherapy service to primary and tertiary referred patientsTo implement policy changes within the neurophysiotherapy service and the wider organisationTo be able to exert moderate to intense physical effort for frequent periods throughout the working day eg crawl, kneel, squat, crouch, bend during assessment and treatment of neurological patients and also manoeuvre manual handling equipment around the centreEducation and experience needed:Have a Bsc or recognized postgraduate diploma in Physiotherapy HCPC registered At least 2 years working at a Band 6 level or equivalentCan demonstrate initiative and creativity Have a person-centred ethos, showing empathy and a desire to make a difference Have a legal right to work in the UK Must be flexible and adaptable, well organised and able to manage time and work load.In return we offer you:A thorough induction programme tailored to the hospital where you will be workingClear pay structure with competitive ratesGenerous annual leave allowanceOpportunity for company contributory pension scheme up to 3%Range of staff discountsEmployee Assistance Programme (EAP)Maternity Leave at 3 month's full pay and 3 month's half pay (up to a max salary of 50k)2 weeks paid paternity leaveShared parental leave, matching the maternity leave benefitAbout our client Our client is one of the leading specialist healthcare providers, they have hospitals and centres throughout England and Scotland, and they deliver a wide-ranging service in adult mental health and learning disabilities, specialist brain injury, child and adolescent mental health services. These include eating disorders and social care for children with special needs. They aim to make the lives of the people they care for as happy and fulfilling as they can.Rec Pool is an employment agency/employment business (as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003) and is acting on behalf of its client in relation to this vacancy. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"The Rec Pool Group"	"The Rec Pool Group"	"JSD0CD1BF0/587259751"	"04/12/2018 07:07:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlX7O"	NA
"Senior Community MSK Physiotherapist"	"26.5k - 38k Annual GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Community MSK Physiotherapist"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - 26.5k - 38k Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"£26,500 - £38,000 p/a Full-Time Days Great Company BenefitsAn exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced MSK Physiotherapist to take a senior position working in a community-based role in Hemel Hempstead and the surrounding areas.Details of this Senior Community MSK Physiotherapist position and what our client is offering: Full-time hours on days only A competitive annual salary from £26,500 to £38,000 depending on experience A contributory pension scheme and life assurance Childcare vouchers and cycle to work schemes Up to 30 days annual leave plus a days off for your birthday Some great retail and lifestyle discounts and an employee assistance programmeAs Senior Community MSK Physiotherapist you will work with patients living with a variety of musculoskeletal conditions and will undertake assessments and diagnoses of patients, creating, implementing and reviewing treatment programmes. In addition to managing a patient caseload, you will work to build positive professional relationships with key stakeholders, in addition to supporting junior colleagues and physiotherapy students.Applicants for this Senior Community MSK Physiotherapist post should meet the following specification: Qualified Physiotherapist with current HCPC registration and CSP membership Proven post-graduate experience within an MSK role, ideally within a community setting Demonstrate a commitment to further developing your knowledge and skills and demonstrate evidence of recent post-registration clinical studies Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Passionate about providing a first-rate clinical service in combination with the best possible standards of patient care A driver who has access to a vehicle for work purposes, as the role will require you to work in a variety of clinics, however you will be based in a location of your preferenceFor further details, or to apply now, please follow the link provided."	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"26.5k - 38k Annual GBP"	"syk recruitment"	"syk recruitment"	"JS4688_837140/576326673"	"29/11/2018 07:37:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgKw"	"Graduate"
"Physiotherapy Community Rehab Job"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Physiotherapy Community Rehab Job"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description JustPhysio are recruiting for a HCPC Registered Physiotherapist who is looking to work in the London regionWork over Christmas with bank holidays offNhs experience, Lone workingJustPhysio are a leading specialist recruitment provider with over 15 years' experience of servicing the UK healthcare jobs market. With access to 100's of new jobs daily, we're confident we can find the right job for you! We are firm believers in providing not only the right job, but also ensuring that talented individuals are paid accordingly for their expertise. Our pay rates are therefore very attractive and are supplemented by a range of additional benefits. Which include: -A dedicated one to one service -Fast track registration process -Excellent rates of pay -Assistance with travel and accommodation -Weekly pay - on time, every time -Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs -No Registration Fee! -Reimbursed DBS checks -Free online training available Not available for this position Why not recommend a friend or colleague and you could be entitled to a £250 referral bonus for doing so! "	"London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"JustPhysio"	"JustPhysio"	"JS7F6FD969/575814991"	"29/11/2018 15:42:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjPj"	NA
"Disability Assessor - PE postcode"	"£34,000"	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire"	"Permanent"	"Disability Assessor - PE postcode"	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire - £34,000"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description DWP PIP: Disability Assessor - Registered Nurse, OT, Paramedic, Physiotherapist  Starting salary: £34,000, potential to earn up to £38,000  The UK's leading provider of business process management and integrated professional support service solutions is recruiting Disability Assessors to join their established teams across parts of the UK, Wales, Peterborough and Northern Ireland.  PIP replaced Disability Living Allowance for working age customers from 16-64.  About the role:  You will be based from home, working within a radius of your address, visiting claimants at the local consultation centre or in their own homes. A full functional assessment, including evaluating Activities of Daily Living will be completed. You will also dissect and analyse important information such as claimant questionnaires, GP documentation and multidisciplinary data.  This information will then be elaborated upon in a comprehensive and structured report including recommendations as to when the customer's circumstances should be reviewed.  About you:  You will be a fully qualified Healthcare Professional (Nurse, OT, Paramedic or Physiotherapist)  At least 2 years' post qualification experience  Full registration with HCPC or NMC  Hold a full UK driving licence with access to your own vehicle  Customer facing assessment experience  Report writing experience or equivalent  Good IT skills  Community experience desirable  What's in it for you?  Training and development (and initial 6 week training course, fully paid)  Salary rises to £35k once DWP approved  Earning potential = £38kpa  Excellent career progression and opportunity to expand your CPD  Life assurance and pension  Work-life balance (bank holidays off)  Diverse working structure and variety of working environments  Degree of flexibility - working from home "	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£34,000"	"Medicare First"	"Medicare First"	"JS7551FB0C/589782754"	"29/11/2018 11:35:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhk2"	NA
"Disability Assessor - DE postcode"	"£34,000-£35,000"	"Derby"	"Permanent"	"Disability Assessor - DE postcode"	"Derby - £34,000-£35,000"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description DWP PIP: Disability Assessor - Registered Nurse, OT, Paramedic, Physiotherapist  Starting salary: £34,000, potential to earn up to £38,000  The UK's leading provider of business process management and integrated professional support service solutions is recruiting Disability Assessors to join their established teams across parts of the UK, Wales, Peterborough and Northern Ireland.  PIP replaced Disability Living Allowance for working age customers from 16-64.  About the role:  You will be based from home, working within a radius of your address, visiting claimants at the local consultation centre or in their own homes. A full functional assessment, including evaluating Activities of Daily Living will be completed. You will also dissect and analyse important information such as claimant questionnaires, GP documentation and multidisciplinary data.  This information will then be elaborated upon in a comprehensive and structured report including recommendations as to when the customer's circumstances should be reviewed.  About you:  You will be a fully qualified Healthcare Professional (Nurse, OT, Paramedic or Physiotherapist)  At least 2 years' post qualification experience  Full registration with HCPC or NMC  Hold a full UK driving licence with access to your own vehicle  Customer facing assessment experience  Report writing experience or equivalent  Good IT skills  Community experience desirable  What's in it for you?  Training and development (and initial 6 week training course, fully paid)  Salary rises to £35k once DWP approved  Earning potential = £38kpa  Excellent career progression and opportunity to expand your CPD  Life assurance and pension  Work-life balance (bank holidays off)  Diverse working structure and variety of working environments  Degree of flexibility - working from home "	"Derby, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£34,000-£35,000"	"Medicare First"	"Medicare First"	"JSD19F7EB2/589782638"	"29/11/2018 11:04:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhGa"	NA
"Disability Analyst - Scarborough"	"GBP"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - Scarborough"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £32,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - ScarboroughContract - Full time Job overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"Scarborough, Yorkshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715509/592936140"	"04/12/2018 09:14:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYZF"	NA
"Disability Analyst - Selby"	"GBP"	"Selby, Yorkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - Selby"	"Selby, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £32,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - SelbyContract - Full timeJob overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"Selby, Yorkshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715541/592936566"	"04/12/2018 09:14:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYZB"	NA
"Disability Analyst - Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"GBP"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £35,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - Newcastle Upon TyneContract - Full timeJob overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715472/592936721"	"04/12/2018 09:13:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYYn"	NA
"Disability Analyst - York"	"GBP"	"City, York"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - York"	"City, York - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £32,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - YorkContract - Full time Job overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"City, York, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715615/592936728"	"04/12/2018 09:12:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYYB"	NA
"Deputy Physiotherapy Manager"	"GBP"	"City, Glasgow"	"Unspecified"	"Deputy Physiotherapy Manager"	"City, Glasgow - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Physiotherapy is a key hospital service and is an important contributor to the success and development of the hospital. Our rehabilitation service has excellent clinical facilities with a rehabilitation gym - including an Alter G anti-gravity treadmill - where we treat our post- operative and musculoskeletal clients. We now have a very exciting opportunity available for an experienced Physiotherapist to join the team as the Deputy Clinical Services Manager, Physiotherapy. Core responsibilities will include but not be limited to:To provide high standards of physiotherapy assessment, treatment and patient care within Outpatients, Inpatients and Sports Medicine, and participating in patients' pre-admission and follow-up care as appropriateTo provide clinical direction and leadership for the physiotherapy staff in the HospitalTo ensure compliance with appropriate regulatory and best practice frameworksCompliance with all local and corporate Policies & ProceduresParticipation in and contribution to Quality AssuranceActing professionally within the standard and framework provided by the HCPC and Chartered Society of Physiotherapy as per the 'Code of Professional Conduct'Maintain active registration with the HCPC Desired Skills and Experience:A Degree or Diploma in Physiotherapy.Current HCPC registration.Minimum of 8 years post graduate experienceAppropriate clinical knowledge, skill, and expertise within the MSK setting essentialInpatient experience beneficialPrevious experience at Deputy Manager level or equivalent would be an advantage Salary & Benefits: BMI Healthcare have committed to being a national living wage employer and offer a competitive starting salary alongside access to a wide range of employee benefits, including:Private Medical SchemeStaff Pension Scheme25 days holiday per annum Matchtech acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers and is part of Gattaca Plc.  Gattaca Plc provides support services to Matchtech and may assist with processing your application. "	"City, Glasgow, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Matchtech"	"Matchtech"	"JS3561_36487234/592935826"	"04/12/2018 09:15:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYZb"	NA
"Practice Manager"	"GBP"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Practice Manager"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We have a new opportunity at Bodybalance for a Practice Manager to join the team based in Hatfield. Joining us on a  full time, permanent basis and in return, receive a highly competitive salary and package of £24,000 - £26,000 per annum! Bodybalance Physiotherapy & Sports Injury Clinic is an established and growing company with 3 clinics in North and North-West London and Hertfordshire - and plans for further clinics in the near future. Our focus is on providing highest quality, professional physiotherapy care which is valued, trusted and respected by our colleagues, clients and referrers. We are motivated by helping our patients achieve the best possible outcomes, and we work together as a team in a busy, fun environment.The Practice Manager Role Due to this exciting business growth, we are actively seeking to recruit a Practice Manager for a new role within the company. The Practice Manager will have responsibility for the admin/reception team and be answerable to the Managing Director.  The Practice Manager will oversee the day to day non-clinical operations at the clinics, ensuring that our patients receive excellent care and a high standard of customer service in a safe and efficient manner. This includes implementing and managing efficient booking and administrative processes, managing staff, and working with the clinicians to make sure that resources and support are available for appropriate patient care.Key Responsibilities of our Practice Manager - Ensure the smooth running of the practice through the provision of high levels of customer service to patients and effective support to the clinicians - Working with the Director to develop the business and patient services - Lead the admin and reception team, including appropriate delegation of work - Oversee daily practice operations - Consult regularly with the Clinical Managers and Accounts team concerning practice operations for support on problem solving and service improvement. - Review, design and implement patient services and non-clinical procedures - Manage service delivery to ensure the clinic is meeting the requirements of various contracts for service - Manage patient records and IT systems - Monitor the clinic's performance targets - Assist with the implementation of marketing strategies - Manages the production of internal and external communications, correspondence and marketing activities - Recruit, train, and supervise new admin and reception employeesOur Ideal Practice ManagerEssential: - People person - able to develop and maintain effective relationships with clinical and administrative staff, providers, patients, and the public - Excellent oral and written communication skills - Flexibility to adapt and a develop with the role - Motivation to be part of a growing business - Customer service focus - Problem solving skills - Well organised, analytical and a strong attention to detail - Skills in managing people and managing organisations - Ability to work as part of an overall team and to motivate colleagues - Skilled in developing and maintaining effective relationships with medical and administrative staff, referrers, patients, and the public - Computer literacy and knowledge of all Microsoft packages - Health and safety knowledgeDesirable: - Healthcare Practice Management experience or previous experience in a management position - Experience working in health and exercise - Familiarity with the private healthcare sector - An understanding of what a sports physiotherapist doesBenefits of becoming our Practice Manager In addition to a salary of £24,000-£26,000 (depending upon skills and experience) you will be eligible for a performance related bonus. You will also receive other benefits including free access to the gyms and health clubs in which we are located, company pension, staff parking permit and 28 days annual leave which increases in line with ongoing service. Support and opportunities for further training may also be available. If you would like to join us in this Practice Manager, then please click 'apply' today - we'd love to hear from you! "	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Body Balance"	"Body Balance"	"JS3561_36484658/592935731"	"03/12/2018 12:08:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOWu"	NA
"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"New Malden, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"New Malden, Surrey - Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Blossom House is an Ofsted-rated \"Outstanding\" specialist school for children aged 3 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Although many of the children have some associated difficulties such as fine motor problems or poor organisational skills, they are all within the average range of cognitive abilities. Post 16 Therapy Assistant We have an exciting opportunity for a Therapy Assistant to join our Speech and Language Therapy and Occupational Therapy Team, supporting students who have speech, language and communication difficulties. The ideal candidate will have excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) and good reading, writing and numeracy skills, along with the ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN) is desirable. We are looking for a confident, enthusiastic Therapy Assistant with a passion for learning and excellent inter-personal skills who enjoys working as part of a team in our independent school. The role involves supporting students in a group and individual setting, assisting therapists to deliver community and class based programmes, helping to maintain the learning environments and assisting with administration. The ideal candidate will have excellent administrative and computer skills as they make up a large part of the role. You will also be required to work collaboratively with the multidisciplinary team. We offer: A supportive working environment in a newly refurbished building. Small class sizes and the opportunity to work 1-1 with young people where possible. Support from an enthusiastic and dedicated team of Therapy staff and Teachers who will work alongside you in the classroom. Our Speech & Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapist, Art Therapists, Music Therapists and Play Therapists aim to maximise each child's potential in a nurturing and supportive environment. The opportunity to obtain a City & Guilds accredited qualification in Behaviour Support Management. We also deliver the Elklan course, which is an accredited speech and language training programme aimed at professionals working in schools. Continued professional development. An opportunity to pursue a career in Teaching or Therapy where applicable. Great staff benefits and a friendly nurturing environment. The ideal candidate will have: Confidence, enthusiasm and a passion for learning. Excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) along with good reading, writing and numeracy skills. The ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN), particularly young people on the Autism Spectrum. The ability to manage a small group of young people with complex social communication needs. The ability to promote positive behaviour in a nurturing environment is essential. The role is a Permanent, Full-Time, Term-Time only role. Monday to Friday, 08:30 - 17:00. Annual salary: Salary dependent upon experience Closing Date: 7th December 2018 Start Date: ASAP Applicants will need to complete an application form detailing how they meet the requirements of the person specification, along with the recruitment activity detailed below. If you wish to apply for this post, please download the application form from the school website and email your completed form via the button below. For further information please contact:Annerie Shephard, E-mail:  This role is subject to the relevant Safeguarding checks, which will include an Enhanced DBS check and right to work in the UK checks. "	"New Malden, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817682/592930546"	"02/12/2018 11:10:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdD"	NA
"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"New Malden, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"New Malden, Surrey - Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Blossom House is an Ofsted-rated \"Outstanding\" specialist school for children aged 3 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Although many of the children have some associated difficulties such as fine motor problems or poor organisational skills, they are all within the average range of cognitive abilities. Post 16 Therapy Assistant We have an exciting opportunity for a Therapy Assistant to join our Speech and Language Therapy and Occupational Therapy Team, supporting students who have speech, language and communication difficulties. The ideal candidate will have excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) and good reading, writing and numeracy skills, along with the ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN) is desirable. We are looking for a confident, enthusiastic Therapy Assistant with a passion for learning and excellent inter-personal skills who enjoys working as part of a team in our independent school. The role involves supporting students in a group and individual setting, assisting therapists to deliver community and class based programmes, helping to maintain the learning environments and assisting with administration. The ideal candidate will have excellent administrative and computer skills as they make up a large part of the role. You will also be required to work collaboratively with the multidisciplinary team. We offer: A supportive working environment in a newly refurbished building. Small class sizes and the opportunity to work 1-1 with young people where possible. Support from an enthusiastic and dedicated team of Therapy staff and Teachers who will work alongside you in the classroom. Our Speech & Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapist, Art Therapists, Music Therapists and Play Therapists aim to maximise each child's potential in a nurturing and supportive environment. The opportunity to obtain a City & Guilds accredited qualification in Behaviour Support Management. We also deliver the Elklan course, which is an accredited speech and language training programme aimed at professionals working in schools. Continued professional development. An opportunity to pursue a career in Teaching or Therapy where applicable. Great staff benefits and a friendly nurturing environment. The ideal candidate will have: Confidence, enthusiasm and a passion for learning. Excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) along with good reading, writing and numeracy skills. The ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN), particularly young people on the Autism Spectrum. The ability to manage a small group of young people with complex social communication needs. The ability to promote positive behaviour in a nurturing environment is essential. The role is a Permanent, Full-Time, Term-Time only role. Monday to Friday, 08:30 - 17:00. Annual salary: Salary dependent upon experience Closing Date: 7th December 2018 Start Date: ASAP Applicants will need to complete an application form detailing how they meet the requirements of the person specification, along with the recruitment activity detailed below. If you wish to apply for this post, please download the application form from the school website and email your completed form via the button below. For further information please contact:Annerie Shephard, E-mail:  This role is subject to the relevant Safeguarding checks, which will include an Enhanced DBS check and right to work in the UK checks. "	"New Malden, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817682/592930546"	"02/12/2018 11:10:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdD"	NA
