"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"
"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"£22-25K"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex"	"Permanent"	"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex - £22-25K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Colchester United Football Club are seeking a U23 Chartered Physiotherapist. Working full time with the U23 players as part of an exciting, progressive Cat 2 Academy. Providing medical cover and rehabilitation advise daily including training and matches. The matches will be at various venues including Florence Park, The Jobserve Community Stadium and away venues. These games will involve some travel and occasional overnight stays. This post requires the successful applicant to undertake an enhanced DBS check. Key Responsibilities:  Assess and diagnose injuries to the full time U23 players   Treat these injuries as required   Design, advise and implement specific rehabilitation programmes for these injuries to players   Design and implement specific individual prehabilitation programmes based on player screenings   Keep accurate and comprehensive medical records on the PMA system   Attend medical consultations and scans associated with U23 players injuries  Requirements:  CSP and HCPC registration   Desirable   ATTMiF qualified (if not a desire to achieve this as soon as possible)   Individual Characteristics   Hard working   Clean driving license   Good communication skills.  Salary: £22 - £25K per annum Closing date: 12/12/18"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex, UK"	"Community"	"ASAP"	"£22-25K"	"Colchester United Football Club"	"Tony Flynn"	"JSCUFC/PHYSIO"	"04/12/2018 07:02:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPfD"
"Band 6 Community Falls Physio Job"	"GBP"	"Brent, London"	"Permanent"	"Band 6 Community Falls Physio Job"	"Brent, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Just Physio are looking to recruit a HCPC registered Locum Band 6 Physiotherapist for a job vacancy with a well respected client based in London. This will be based in the community assessment and rehabilitation team, working 9-5 (37.5 hours per week). Pay: £22/25 per hourPosition: Community FallsDuration: Two MonthsHours: Full TimeLocation: LondonEssential: HCPC registrationTo be successful for this role, you must be a fully qualified Physiotherapist with a minimum of 12 months recent experience within a UK based hospital and proven experience within Community Falls.We offer £250 for successful Physiotherapist referrals! Please contact us for details, T&C's apply. Additional benefits include: -A dedicated one to one service -Fast track registration process -Excellent rates of pay -Assistance with travel and accommodation -Weekly pay - on time, every time -Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs -No Registration Fee! -Reimbursed CRBs -Free online training available With access to 100's of jobs on a daily basis, we guarantee we can find the right job for you!JustPhysio are a CCS (Crown Commercial Services) approved agency and hold many 'Preferred Supplier' agreements with the NHS Nationwide. This status ensures that our candidates gain the best possible exposure to quality standards, best practice and the best selection of temporary 'Physio' jobs available, visit for details "	"Brent, London, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"JustPhysio"	"JustPhysio"	"JSD4BBAE9F/598252499"	"06/12/2018 09:17:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glweh"
"Disability Analyst - Scarborough"	"GBP"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - Scarborough"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £32,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - ScarboroughContract - Full time Job overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"Scarborough, Yorkshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715509/592936140"	"04/12/2018 09:14:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYZF"
"Disability Analyst - Selby"	"GBP"	"Selby, Yorkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - Selby"	"Selby, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £32,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - SelbyContract - Full timeJob overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"Selby, Yorkshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715541/592936566"	"04/12/2018 09:14:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYZB"
"Disability Analyst - Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"GBP"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - Newcastle Upon Tyne"	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £35,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - Newcastle Upon TyneContract - Full timeJob overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"City, Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715472/592936721"	"04/12/2018 09:13:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYYn"
"Disability Analyst - York"	"GBP"	"City, York"	"Unspecified"	"Disability Analyst - York"	"City, York - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job title - Disability AnalystSalary - £32,000 + generous benefits (worth up to £9000)Location - YorkContract - Full time Job overview Are you a highly motivated Nurse, Physiotherapist, Occupational Therapist or Paramedic who's looking for a new, rewarding challenge and a chance to vastly improve your work/life balance? If so, Independent Assessment Services has an excellent and unrivalled opportunity for you to develop your skills and qualify as a Disability Analyst. Your primary role as a Disability Analyst will be to conduct assessments in line with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) guidelines for the Personal Independence Payment (PIP) - a benefit designed to help support people who are living with long-term health conditions or disabilities.Person specificationNurses (RGNs, RMNs, RNLDs)PhysiotherapistsOccupational TherapistsParamedicsValid driver's licence (required for roles outside the M25)2 years post qualification experienceBenefits25 days' annual leave, with the option to buy and sell up to 10 daysPension scheme, matching up to 10% of your contributionsLife assurance, private medical insurance and medical indemnity insuranceReimbursement of your annual NMC/HCPC registration feeHealth screening every two years, after one year's serviceThorough in-house and professional training and development, covering well over the required CPD hours to revalidate and maintain your professional registrationAll flexible benefits can be tailored to your requirement and lifestyle: travel or dental insurance, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and more.Life as a Disability Analyst You'll benefit from comprehensive Full time training, coaching, mentoring and day-to-day support. The initial 20-week induction programme will teach you to complete assessments and write reports on behalf of DWP. Support is ongoing and will allow you to become a proficient and qualified Disability Analyst. Due to the broad range of conditions and disabilities you will encounter, each day will be different and varied. There are clear prospects for career advancement and professional development, with your existing clinical knowledge being enhanced through the varied nature of the role. You will be conducting assessments through a combination of home consultation visits, assessment centre-based appointments and paper based reviews. You will use your existing, and newly acquired skills, to determine how a person's health condition or disability is impacting their daily life, whilst recognising that individuals may be affected in different ways. While the role is autonomous, you will have the excellent benefit of being able to share knowledge with a team made up of physiotherapists, occupational therapists, paramedics and nurses from the fields of mental health, general nursing and learning disabilities. This is a fantastic opportunity to advance your career, take on new and exciting challenges, and enjoy a genuine work/life balance within an established organisation. "	"City, York, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"NRG PLC"	"NRG PLC"	"JS3561_36715615/592936728"	"04/12/2018 09:12:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYYB"
"Health Employment Adviser"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Health Employment Adviser"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Health Employment Adviser East London Temporary £12 - £14 per hour Morgan Hunt are currently recruiting for a Health Employment Adviser to work for a regional Non-for Profit Charity. This role will be working alongside customers with hard to reach clients with complex needs; therefore, recent vocational experience would be advantageous. Our Client is looking to interview as soon as possible. This role is temporary ongoing with a view to be made permanent. The ideal Health Employment Adviser will: * Have experience and be qualified in one of the following; o A Physiotherapist with psycho-social experience, registered with the HCPC o An Occupational Therapist, registered with HCPC o A counsellor/psychotherapist registered as an accredited practitioner with the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (BACP) o An accredited Cognitive Behavioural Therapist registered with the British Association for Behavioural and Cognitive Psychotherapies (BABCP) o Mental Health Nurse, registered with NMC o Clinical psychologist, registered with HCPC) * Have experience of Welfare to Work would be advantageous * Have experience relevant sales or working towards Key performance indicators (KPI's) * Have experience of maintaining existing and creating new business working relationships * Be a driver with access to their own car (desirable) Health Employment Adviser main duties: * To enable clients who have complex needs to gain employment, independence, inclusion and control over their lives * To provide personalised support required to help customers to increase their capabilities, improve their circumstances and enhance motivation * Provide an excellent service as a first point of contact and representing the organisation always My client is looking to interview and get the successful candidate started ASAP. If you feel you meet the above criteria, please get in touch with the Education & Training team at Morgan Hunt immediately. Equally if you have relevant experience at a similar level or above and are looking for a new opportunity, please get in touch. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer job suitability are assessed on merit in accordance with their skills, qualifications and abilities to perform the relevant duties required in a particular role "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Morgan Hunt UK Limited"	"Morgan Hunt UK Limited"	"JS3561_36675241/584331687"	"05/12/2018 15:27:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloiT"
"Deputy Physiotherapy Manager"	""	"Glasgow"	"Permanent"	"Deputy Physiotherapy Manager"	"Glasgow"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Physiotherapy is a key hospital service and is an important contributor to the success and development of the hospital. Our rehabilitation service has excellent clinical facilities with a rehabilitation gym - including an Alter G anti-gravity treadmill - where we treat our post- operative and musculoskeletal clients. We now have a very exciting opportunity available for an experienced Physiotherapist to join the team as the Deputy Clinical Services Manager, Physiotherapy. Core responsibilities will include but not be limited to:To provide high standards of physiotherapy assessment, treatment and patient care within Outpatients, Inpatients and Sports Medicine, and participating in patients' pre-admission and follow-up care as appropriateTo provide clinical direction and leadership for the physiotherapy staff in the HospitalTo ensure compliance with appropriate regulatory and best practice frameworksCompliance with all local and corporate Policies & ProceduresParticipation in and contribution to Quality AssuranceActing professionally within the standard and framework provided by the HCPC and Chartered Society of Physiotherapy as per the 'Code of Professional Conduct'Maintain active registration with the HCPC Desired Skills and Experience:A Degree or Diploma in Physiotherapy.Current HCPC registration.Minimum of 8 years post graduate experienceAppropriate clinical knowledge, skill, and expertise within the MSK setting essentialInpatient experience beneficialPrevious experience at Deputy Manager level or equivalent would be an advantage Salary & Benefits: BMI Healthcare have committed to being a national living wage employer and offer a competitive starting salary alongside access to a wide range of employee benefits, including:Private Medical SchemeStaff Pension Scheme25 days holiday per annum Matchtech acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers and is part of Gattaca Plc.  Gattaca Plc provides support services to Matchtech and may assist with processing your application. "	"Glasgow, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	NA	"Matchtech"	"Matchtech"	"JS3561_36487234/592935826"	"04/12/2018 09:15:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlYZb"
"Learning Support/College-Link Mentor"	"Dependent upon experience GBP"	"Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support/College-Link Mentor"	"Surrey - Dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Blossom House is an Ofsted-rated \"Outstanding\" specialist school for children aged 3 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Although many of the children have some associated difficulties such as fine motor problems or poor organisational skills, they are all within the average range of cognitive abilities. Learning Support/College-Link Mentor We have an exciting opportunity for a confident, enthusiastic individual with a passion for learning and excellent inter-personal skills to join our team as a Learning Support/College-Link Mentor, supporting children who have speech, language and communication difficulties. The Post-16 provision is a specialist 6 th form college for students aged 16 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Upper House Post-16 is a unique provision as it is tailored, as much as possible, to cater for each student's individual needs. The department consists of Teachers, Speech and Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists and Teaching Assistants. Place of work: Learning Support/College-Link Mentor support is provided to children who attend Blossom House School in New Malden, and also when they attend their Post-16 Colleges, which include Nescot, Kingston, South Thames College and various other colleges. The Mentors are expected to travel to the various colleges as required as their normal place of work. Range of Support required: It is also expected that Learning Support/College-Link Mentor will be able to provide support across a range of subjects and will be able to work independently as peripatetic staff at the various colleges, ensuring that they build good relationships with college staff. The Learning Support/College-Link Mentor role involves supporting children, assisting the class teacher, therapists and lecturers, helping to maintain the learning environments and assisting with administration.  We offer: A supportive working environment in a newly refurbished building at Blossom House School. Good links with Post-16 colleges and regular contact with the school. The opportunity to work 1-1 with children where possible. Support from an enthusiastic and dedicated team of Therapy staff and Teachers who will work alongside you when in the classroom at school. Our Speech & Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapist, Art Therapists, Music Therapists aim to maximise each child's potential in a nurturing and supportive environment. Continued professional development. Great staff benefits and a friendly nurturing environment. The ideal candidate will have: Confidence, enthusiasm and a passion for learning. Excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) along with good reading, writing and numeracy skills. The ability to build good working relationships in a proactive and confident manner with children, teachers, lecturers and college staff, parents and carers Experience of working with children with Special Education Needs (SEN), particularly children on the Autism Spectrum. The ability to manage a small group of children with complex social communication needs. The ability to promote positive behaviour in a nurturing environment is essential. The ability to support students in a wide range of subjects. Adaptability and the ability to travel independently to the various college sites and work independently at the various sites. Good administrative and organisational skills. Emotional Resilience and the ability to identify opportunities to prevent issues from escalating by involving the necessary team members and implementing appropriate action plans in a timely manner. Qualifications preferred include GCSE, CACHE Diploma Level 3 in Child Development or equivalent qualification. The role is a Permanent, Term-Time role Monday to Friday (8:30 - 17:00) (approx. 36-39 teaching weeks per annum - depending on college timetables)  Actual Annual salary: Dependent upon experience  To Start: As soon as possible  Closing Date: Friday, 7 th December 2018 Applicants will need to complete an application form detailing how they meet the requirements of the person specification. "	"Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Dependent upon experience GBP"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817663/592930474"	"05/12/2018 16:53:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpUP"
"Practice Manager"	"24-26k"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Practice Manager"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire - 24-26k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We have a new opportunity at Bodybalance for a Practice Manager to join the team based in Hatfield. Joining us on a  full time, permanent basis and in return, receive a highly competitive salary and package of £24,000 - £26,000 per annum! Bodybalance Physiotherapy & Sports Injury Clinic is an established and growing company with 3 clinics in North and North West London and Hertfordshire - and plans for further clinics in the near future. Our focus is on providing highest quality, professional physiotherapy care which is valued, trusted and respected by our colleagues, clients and referrers. We are motivated by helping our patients achieve the best possible outcomes, and we work together as a team in a busy, fun environment.The Practice Manager Role Due to this exciting business growth, we are actively seeking to recruit a Practice Manager for a new role within the company. The Practice Manager will have responsibility for the admin/reception team and be answerable to the Managing Director.  The Practice Manager will oversee the day to day non-clinical operations at the clinics, ensuring that our patients receive excellent care and a high standard of customer service in a safe and efficient manner. This includes implementing and managing efficient booking and administrative processes, managing staff, and working with the clinicians to make sure that resources and support are available for appropriate patient care.Key Responsibilities of our Practice Manager - Ensure the smooth running of the practice through the provision of high levels of customer service to patients and effective support to the clinicians - Working with the Director to develop the business and patient services - Lead the admin and reception team, including appropriate delegation of work - Oversee daily practice operations - Consult regularly with the Clinical Managers and Accounts team concerning practice operations for support on problem solving and service improvement. - Review, design and implement patient services and non-clinical procedures - Manage service delivery to ensure the clinic is meeting the requirements of various contracts for service - Manage patient records and IT systems - Monitor the clinic's performance targets - Assist with the implementation of marketing strategies - Manages the production of internal and external communications, correspondence and marketing activities - Recruit, train, and supervise new admin and reception employeesOur Ideal Practice ManagerEssential: - People person - able to develop and maintain effective relationships with clinical and administrative staff, providers, patients, and the public - Excellent oral and written communication skills - Flexibility to adapt and a develop with the role - Motivation to be part of a growing business - Customer service focus - Problem solving skills - Well organised, analytical and a strong attention to detail - Skills in managing people and managing organisations - Ability to work as part of an overall team and to motivate colleagues - Skilled in developing and maintaining effective relationships with medical and administrative staff, referrers, patients, and the public - Computer literacy and knowledge of all Microsoft packages - Health and safety knowledgeDesirable: - Healthcare Practice Management experience or previous experience in a management position - Experience working in health and exercise - Familiarity with the private healthcare sector - An understanding of what a sports physiotherapist doesBenefits of becoming our Practice Manager In addition to a salary of £24,000-£26,000 (depending upon skills and experience) you will be eligible for a performance related bonus. You will also receive other benefits including free access to the gyms and health clubs in which we are located, company pension, staff parking permit and 28 days annual leave which increases in line with ongoing service. Support and opportunities for further training may also be available. If you would like to join us in this Practice Manager, then please click 'apply' today - we'd love to hear from you! "	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"24-26k"	"Body Balance"	"Body Balance"	"JS3561_36484658/592935731"	"03/12/2018 12:08:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOWu"
"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"New Malden, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"New Malden, Surrey - Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Blossom House is an Ofsted-rated \"Outstanding\" specialist school for children aged 3 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Although many of the children have some associated difficulties such as fine motor problems or poor organisational skills, they are all within the average range of cognitive abilities. Post 16 Therapy Assistant We have an exciting opportunity for a Therapy Assistant to join our Speech and Language Therapy and Occupational Therapy Team, supporting students who have speech, language and communication difficulties. The ideal candidate will have excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) and good reading, writing and numeracy skills, along with the ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN) is desirable. We are looking for a confident, enthusiastic Therapy Assistant with a passion for learning and excellent inter-personal skills who enjoys working as part of a team in our independent school. The role involves supporting students in a group and individual setting, assisting therapists to deliver community and class based programmes, helping to maintain the learning environments and assisting with administration. The ideal candidate will have excellent administrative and computer skills as they make up a large part of the role. You will also be required to work collaboratively with the multidisciplinary team. We offer: A supportive working environment in a newly refurbished building. Small class sizes and the opportunity to work 1-1 with young people where possible. Support from an enthusiastic and dedicated team of Therapy staff and Teachers who will work alongside you in the classroom. Our Speech & Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapist, Art Therapists, Music Therapists and Play Therapists aim to maximise each child's potential in a nurturing and supportive environment. The opportunity to obtain a City & Guilds accredited qualification in Behaviour Support Management. We also deliver the Elklan course, which is an accredited speech and language training programme aimed at professionals working in schools. Continued professional development. An opportunity to pursue a career in Teaching or Therapy where applicable. Great staff benefits and a friendly nurturing environment. The ideal candidate will have: Confidence, enthusiasm and a passion for learning. Excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) along with good reading, writing and numeracy skills. The ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN), particularly young people on the Autism Spectrum. The ability to manage a small group of young people with complex social communication needs. The ability to promote positive behaviour in a nurturing environment is essential. The role is a Permanent, Full-Time, Term-Time only role. Monday to Friday, 08:30 - 17:00. Annual salary: Salary dependent upon experience Closing Date: 7th December 2018 Start Date: ASAP Applicants will need to complete an application form detailing how they meet the requirements of the person specification, along with the recruitment activity detailed below. This role is subject to the relevant Safeguarding checks, which will include an Enhanced DBS check and right to work in the UK checks. "	"New Malden, Surrey, UK"	"Healthcare, Education"	NA	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817682/592930546"	"02/12/2018 11:10:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdD"
"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"New Malden, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Post 16 Therapy Assistant"	"New Malden, Surrey - Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Blossom House is an Ofsted-rated \"Outstanding\" specialist school for children aged 3 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Although many of the children have some associated difficulties such as fine motor problems or poor organisational skills, they are all within the average range of cognitive abilities. Post 16 Therapy Assistant We have an exciting opportunity for a Therapy Assistant to join our Speech and Language Therapy and Occupational Therapy Team, supporting students who have speech, language and communication difficulties. The ideal candidate will have excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) and good reading, writing and numeracy skills, along with the ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN) is desirable. We are looking for a confident, enthusiastic Therapy Assistant with a passion for learning and excellent inter-personal skills who enjoys working as part of a team in our independent school. The role involves supporting students in a group and individual setting, assisting therapists to deliver community and class based programmes, helping to maintain the learning environments and assisting with administration. The ideal candidate will have excellent administrative and computer skills as they make up a large part of the role. You will also be required to work collaboratively with the multidisciplinary team. We offer: A supportive working environment in a newly refurbished building. Small class sizes and the opportunity to work 1-1 with young people where possible. Support from an enthusiastic and dedicated team of Therapy staff and Teachers who will work alongside you in the classroom. Our Speech & Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapist, Art Therapists, Music Therapists and Play Therapists aim to maximise each child's potential in a nurturing and supportive environment. The opportunity to obtain a City & Guilds accredited qualification in Behaviour Support Management. We also deliver the Elklan course, which is an accredited speech and language training programme aimed at professionals working in schools. Continued professional development. An opportunity to pursue a career in Teaching or Therapy where applicable. Great staff benefits and a friendly nurturing environment. The ideal candidate will have: Confidence, enthusiasm and a passion for learning. Excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) along with good reading, writing and numeracy skills. The ability to build good working relationships with young people, teachers, parents and carers. Experience of working with young people with Special Education Needs (SEN), particularly young people on the Autism Spectrum. The ability to manage a small group of young people with complex social communication needs. The ability to promote positive behaviour in a nurturing environment is essential. The role is a Permanent, Full-Time, Term-Time only role. Monday to Friday, 08:30 - 17:00. Annual salary: Salary dependent upon experience Closing Date: 7th December 2018 Start Date: ASAP Applicants will need to complete an application form detailing how they meet the requirements of the person specification, along with the recruitment activity detailed below. This role is subject to the relevant Safeguarding checks, which will include an Enhanced DBS check and right to work in the UK checks. "	"New Malden, Surrey, UK"	"Healthcare, Education"	NA	"Salary dependent on experience GBP"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817682/592930546"	"02/12/2018 11:10:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdD"
