"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"
"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"£22-25K"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex"	"Permanent"	"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex - £22-25K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Colchester United Football Club are seeking a U23 Chartered Physiotherapist. Working full time with the U23 players as part of an exciting, progressive Cat 2 Academy. Providing medical cover and rehabilitation advise daily including training and matches. The matches will be at various venues including Florence Park, The Jobserve Community Stadium and away venues. These games will involve some travel and occasional overnight stays. This post requires the successful applicant to undertake an enhanced DBS check. Key Responsibilities:  Assess and diagnose injuries to the full time U23 players   Treat these injuries as required   Design, advise and implement specific rehabilitation programmes for these injuries to players   Design and implement specific individual prehabilitation programmes based on player screenings   Keep accurate and comprehensive medical records on the PMA system   Attend medical consultations and scans associated with U23 players injuries  Requirements:  CSP and HCPC registration   Desirable  ATTMiF qualified (if not a desire to achieve this as soon as possible)   Individual Characteristics   Hard working   Clean driving license   Good communication skills.  Salary: £22 - £25K per annum Closing date: 11/01/19"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex, UK"	"Healthcare, Community"	"ASAP"	"£22-25K"	"Colchester United Football Club"	"Tony Flynn"	"JSCUFC/PHYSIO"	"11/12/2018 07:04:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPfD"	NA
"Physiotherapist Specialist"	"£20.99 per hour GBP"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Physiotherapist Specialist"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £20.99 per hour GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Trauma Physiotherapist Band 6 REQUIRED for Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust We are seeking to recruit Physiotherapists with experience of working in orthopaedics/trauma to join our bank team, to work within our inpatient trauma unit in the Horton Hospital in Banbury and/or the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. Shift: Full time opportunitySalary: £20.99 per hourLocation: Trauma Inpatients, Horton Hospital and John Radcliffe HospitalMAIN PURPOSE OF POST: To provide a high standard, CQC compliant physiotherapy service (ie safe, patient focussed, effective and evidence-based) in collaboration with other team members to trauma patients at the John Radcliffe Hospital.JOB DESCRIPTION:To assess, plan, implement and evaluate physiotherapeutic intervention and provide highly skilled and clinically effective treatment of a patient caseload that includes patients with complex presentations and multiple needs. To undertake all aspects of clinical duties as an unsupervised autonomous practitioner within sphere of confidence and competence. Supervise and teach recently qualified physiotherapists/physiotherapy assistants/students and be involved in teaching MDT staff Undertake evidence-based projects, including recommendations for change in practice and participate in departmental research and audit as required To document own patient records and contribute to the orderly presentation of data to management to facilitate the overall trauma service being run in an efficient and effective way. This is under the guidance of the team leader and is supporting their role.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  To be professionally and legally responsible for all aspects of the post-holders own work. To provide clinical expertise in assessment, treatment and management of musculoskeletal conditions and trauma patients, as an autonomous practitioner, including patients with diverse or complex presentations/multi pathologies To interpret and analyse clinical and non-clinical facts to form accurate diagnoses in a wide range of traumatic and soft tissue conditions including those with complex presentations To use clinical reasoning skills, and knowledge of specialist evidence based practice to recommend the best course of intervention, determine appropriate care plan, and utilise wide range of specialist treatment skills and options PERSON SPECIFICATION  Essential:   BSc or equivalent in PhysiotherapyRegistered with the Health and Care Professions CouncilMinimum 12 months post registration experienceEvidence of Continuing Professional Development including attendance at recent post graduate courses relevant to the clinical fieldExperience working in a Physiotherapy team and multidisciplinary teams.Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. This includes the ability to keep legible/accurate records both written and electronicallyExcellent organisational skills, with the ability to prioritise and delegateEvidence of ability to communicate appropriately and conciselyAbility to manage varied and unpredictable workloadAbility to make clinically reasoned judgements on a variety of musculoskeletal presentationsAbility to work with multi/interdisciplinary team and set team goalsHighly developed dexterity, co-ordination and sensory skills required for assessment and manual therapy techniquesAble to work at moderately high levels of physical activity involving the delivery of manual therapy, therapeutic handling and the demonstration of exercisesRemains updated with professional practice and new researchAbility and willingness to participate in staff training Competent IT skills including keyboard skills and familiarily with Outlook, Word Good team member nad worker .*PLEASE NOTE THIS IS TO APPLY TO JOIN NHS PROFESSIONALS' ALLIED HEALTH PROFESSIONALS BANK* NHS Professionals is owned by the Department of Health and is the leading provider of managed flexible workforce services to the NHS. Simply, we provide more than 100,000 health care professionals including; nurses, doctors, midwives, allied health professionals and admin staff to work shifts via our bank at our NHS Client Trusts across the UK. NHS Professionals offers its flexible worker customers is the choice of temporary work at their convenience. For NHS Trust clients, we offer reassurance of a safe supply of quality temporary staff at the best value. In return for your hard work and your professional, caring and reliable service you will have access to the following benefits:Competitive, weekly payAccess to the NHSP Stakeholder PensionPaid annual leave and statutory maternity pay (subject to qualifying criteria)Access to our very own pension's scheme called 'NHSP Stakeholder pension' Other Information: Confidentiality Confidentiality/data protection regarding all personal information and Trust activity must be maintained at all times (both in and out of working hours) in accordance with professional codes of conduct and relevant legislation such as the Data Protection Act. The post holder should ensure that they are familiar with and adhere to all Trust Information governance policies and procedures. Any breach of confidentiality will be taken seriously and appropriate disciplinary action may be taken. Equal Opportunities Promote the concepts of equality of opportunity and managing diversity Trust wide. Health and Safety Employees must be aware of the responsibilities placed upon them under the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974, paying due regard to health and safety in the workplace and management of risk to maintain a safe working environment for service users, visitors and employees. We reserve the right to close this vacancy early if sufficient applications are received. "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£20.99 per hour GBP"	"NHS"	"NHS"	"JS3561_36786878/599795510"	"09/12/2018 09:14:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRVg"	NA
"MSK PHYSIOTHERAPIST ROLES - OUTSIDE IR35"	"GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"MSK PHYSIOTHERAPIST ROLES - OUTSIDE IR35"	"London - GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Sugarman Medical have an excellent locum opportunity for MSK Physiotherapists to work with our private clients based across London.  My client are looking for a dynamic and dedicated MSK Physiotherapists, with extensive post-graduate professional development in MSK physiotherapy.The private practice roles available are outside of IR35!Hours: Full Time - 37.5 hours Mon to FriDuration of assignment: 2-3 monthsType: Temporary (Locum)Position: MSK PhysiotherapistLocation: EnglandThe successful candidate will need to have confident skills and HCPC registration.Sugarman Medical are a leading specialist recruitment provider with over 30 years' experience of servicing the UK healthcare jobs market. With access to 100's of new jobs on weekly basis, we're confident we can find the right job for you! Cordant Group is an equal opportunities employer "	"London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Sugarman Medical & Mind"	"Sugarman Medical & Mind"	"JS3561_36534287/597209913"	"09/12/2018 11:03:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmTQl"	"Graduate"
"Locum Band 5 Physiotherapist - Bristol"	"£16 - £18 p/h"	"Bristol"	"Contract"	"Locum Band 5 Physiotherapist - Bristol"	"Bristol - £16 - £18 p/h"	"Contract"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Maxxima's Physiotherapy jobs team are currently seeking a Band 5 Physiotherapist to fill a Full time contract in Bristol.It is a Full time position for an Ongoing contract and the hourly rate will be £16 - £18 p/h dependent on experience.The ideal candidate will have some neuro experience.Maxxima benefits:* Dedicated and experienced consultants * Excellent and highly competitive rates of pay * Exclusive opportunities you won't find anywhere else * Dedicated payroll consultant to ensure prompt payment * Guidance and advice on CV and interview techniques * Practical assistance with professional body registration * A choice of PAYE, umbrella or LTD company payments * Practical assistance with relocation, accommodation and DBS/CRB checks * The security of working with a CCS supplier, established since 2001Reasonable adjustments:If you consider yourself to have a disability or require any reasonable adjustment during the recruitment process or within the workplace, please highlight this at the earliest opportunity by contacting our team. With this information, we will provide appropriate support to you throughout the process and into your work placement.Recommend a colleague:Often, our candidates are so pleased with our service that they recommend us to their friends and colleagues. To encourage this and say thank you, we offer a referral bonus incentive.The way it works is simple: if you introduce a candidate who is not previously known to Maxxima and we are successful in placing them, we will pay you up to £1,500. *The post qualification experience range stated is purely a guide. We will consider candidates that fall outside of this range if they can strongly demonstrate the required competencies. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£16 - £18 p/h"	"Maxxima"	"Maxxima"	"JS3561_36538906/599155373"	"09/12/2018 11:05:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmTSd"	NA
"Locum Band 6 Neuro Physiotherapist - Bristol"	"GBP 21 per hour"	"Bristol"	"Contract"	"Locum Band 6 Neuro Physiotherapist - Bristol"	"Bristol - GBP 21 per hour"	"Contract"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Maxxima's Physiotherapy job team is currently seeking an experienced Neuro Physiotherapist to fill a part time role in Bristol.The starting pay rate for this locum pthiotherapy job is £21 per hour and it is an on going role.Job requirements:- Must be car driver- previous neuro experienceIf you are interested in this Physiotherapy position please apply now.Due to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet our client's requirements.Recommend a colleague:Often, our candidates are so pleased with our service that they recommend us to their friends and colleagues. To encourage this and say thank you, we offer a referral bonus incentive.The way it works is simple: if you introduce a candidate who is not previously known to Maxxima and we are successful in placing them, we will pay you up to £250. More information regarding referrals. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP 21 per hour"	"Maxxima"	"Maxxima"	"JS3561_36538829/599155414"	"09/12/2018 07:05:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmO1N"	NA
"Band 7 Clinical Specialist Physiotherapist"	"GBP"	"Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Band 7 Clinical Specialist Physiotherapist"	"Kent - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Well established hospital in Kent seeking excellent locum Physiotherapists to join their team! Candidate requirements:Band 7Clinical experience3+ years NHS experienceBSc in PhysiotherapyHCPC registration You would be working in the outpatients department of a community hospital.  Duration 17th Dec to 31st Jan. Fulltime but part-time can be considered. Please contact Aarushi at Piers Meadows Recruitment for more information/if you are interested. Interviews will be arranged immediately.  Our agency will process AND pay for your enhanced DBS and occupational health clearance and will reimburse your mandatory training. We can also assist in helping you move if you are willing to relocate for this role. "	"Kent, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Piers Meadows Recruitment"	"Piers Meadows Recruitment"	"JS3561_36796657/600713121"	"10/12/2018 15:37:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmjNQ"	NA
"Physiotherapy Community Rehab Job"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Physiotherapy Community Rehab Job"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description JustPhysio are recruiting for a HCPC Registered Physiotherapist who is looking to work in the London regionWork over Christmas with bank holidays offNhs experience, Lone workingFor further information and full job brief please contact Luke on JustPhysio are a leading specialist recruitment provider with over 15 years' experience of servicing the UK healthcare jobs market. With access to 100's of new jobs daily, we're confident we can find the right job for you! We are firm believers in providing not only the right job, but also ensuring that talented individuals are paid accordingly for their expertise. Our pay rates are therefore very attractive and are supplemented by a range of additional benefits. Which include: -A dedicated one to one service -Fast track registration process -Excellent rates of pay -Assistance with travel and accommodation -Weekly pay - on time, every time -Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs -No Registration Fee! -Reimbursed DBS checks -Free online training available Not available for this position Why not recommend a friend or colleague and you could be entitled to a £250 referral bonus for doing so! "	"London, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"JustPhysio"	"JustPhysio"	"JS7F6FD969/575814991"	"07/12/2018 13:31:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gg"	NA
"Band 6 Community Falls Physio Job"	"£22-25 per hour "	"Brent, London"	"Contract"	"Band 6 Community Falls Physio Job"	"Brent, London - £22-25 per hour "	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Just Physio are looking to recruit a HCPC registered Locum Band 6 Physiotherapist for a job vacancy with a well respected client based in London. This will be based in the community assessment and rehabilitation team, working 9-5 (37.5 hours per week). Pay: £22/25 per hourPosition: Community FallsDuration: Two MonthsHours: Full TimeLocation: LondonEssential: HCPC registrationTo be successful for this role, you must be a fully qualified Physiotherapist with a minimum of 12 months recent experience within a UK based hospital and proven experience within Community Falls.Additional benefits include: -A dedicated one to one service -Fast track registration process -Excellent rates of pay -Assistance with travel and accommodation -Weekly pay - on time, every time -Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs -No Registration Fee! -Reimbursed CRBs -Free online training available JustPhysio are a CCS (Crown Commercial Services) approved agency and hold many 'Preferred Supplier' agreements with the NHS Nationwide. "	"Brent, London, UK"	"Healthcare, Community"	NA	"£22-25 per hour "	"JustPhysio"	"JustPhysio"	"JSD4BBAE9F/598252499"	"06/12/2018 09:17:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glweh"	NA
"Physio Functional Assessor - Birmingham - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"38k Annual"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Physio Functional Assessor - Birmingham - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"Birmingham - 38k Annual"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Would you like to earn £38,000pa working Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm only?Are you a HCPC registered Physiotherapist?Do you have at least 2 years experience as a fully Qualified Physiotherapist?Does the idea of no more awkward shift patterns or weekend work sound great?If the answer is yes to all these questions then MSI might just have the ideal role for you. We are currently recruiting in Birmingham for qualified Physiotherapist's who are looking to put their training and skills to use in a different role.The role of a Functional Assessor offers the day to day variety, the one to one interaction and the clinical expertise of a normal Physiotherapist role without the ever present threat of cuts, awkward shift patterns and the feeling of being overworked and underpaid.The starting salary for a Physiotherapist Functional Assessor is a £38,000pa base salary which comes with an excellent benefits package also including good company pension, private health care, life insurance etc.Probably the most attractive thing about the role for someone who has been a ward based Physiotherapist is the fixed working hours. It is a straight Monday to Friday role from 9am to 5pm. There is no irregular shift work or weekend work involved at all so you are able to plan your days and weeks knowing exactly where you will be!The company will also cover the cost of your HCPC fees every year.So if you are ready to make a change in your Physiotherapy career and would like to hear more about this excellent opportunity then please click \"Apply now\" and send me your CV! "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"38k Annual"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"JS3561_36568626/600083541"	"09/12/2018 07:07:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmO2y"	NA
"Lead Practitioner"	"GBP"	"Brighton, Sussex"	"Unspecified"	"Lead Practitioner"	"Brighton, Sussex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Role: Lead Practitioner Location: Brighton Salary: To £42,000 Working Pattern: Full Time - some home working with office visitsIntroductionIf Occupational Health is a passion, this could be for you! Exciting new team is developing in the Brighton area! You will have Leadership experience and be able to manage the team of healthcare professionals. You will be either a Registered Nurse, Occupational Therapist, Physiotherapist or Community Psychiatric Nurse. This is a decision making role where your judgement and people skills combine in a unique setting!OverviewTeam24 are working with one of the largest outsourcing partners in the UK. We are supporting them to find the Lead Clinical Practitioner. You could be a Registered Nurse, Occupational Therapist, Physiotherapist or Community Psychiatric Nurse. Your Leadership experience will aid in clinical decision making when presented with scenarios. Training in recruitment medicals is provided but experience in this area is a plus. Your five years of post-qualification experience will be used In an engaging role.You will beLeading the team, offering guidance and optimisation of processes as well as providing teleassessment of British Army candidates. The team will follow your guidance in home or office working. When not managing the team you will also be assessing eligibility of candidates by following Occupational Health guidance set out by the Ministry of Defence. Your medical knowledge will produce reliable and accurate reports supporting the decision making process for senior colleagues. A warm approach is needed whilst guiding candidates through questions which will determine any underlying conditions. Ongoing training is provided to support professional development in line with PREP. You will liaise with health care professionals regarding medical standards as necessary.Our commitment to youTeam 24 are a preferred recruitment provider to our client and as such we will act as your first point of contact for the recruitment of these opportunities. We are proud to offer you a dedicated consultant that will be working with you on your application process.This role is working with the Armed Forces via an outsourced partner and will provide a diverse and engaging opportunity. You will be a valued member of the supportive clinical team. In return, you will receive a competitive salary and benefits plus access to a leading training programme that will maximise your career progression.If you believe this is the next step in your career, click to apply or call Chris on or email your CV toIt is the policy of the company that no person acting on our behalf shall discriminate in any situation against another individual or group, directly or indirectly, because of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion, belief, sex and sexual orientation. Each individual is assessed on merit aloneTeam 24 - Apply Online is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"Brighton, Sussex, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Team24"	"Team24"	"JS3561_36765550/598341766"	"10/12/2018 15:40:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmjQy"	NA
"Health Employment Adviser"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Health Employment Adviser"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Health Employment Adviser East London Temporary £12 - £14 per hour Morgan Hunt are currently recruiting for a Health Employment Adviser to work for a regional Non-for Profit Charity. This role will be working alongside customers with hard to reach clients with complex needs; therefore, recent vocational experience would be advantageous. Our Client is looking to interview as soon as possible. This role is temporary ongoing with a view to be made permanent. The ideal Health Employment Adviser will: * Have experience and be qualified in one of the following; o A Physiotherapist with psycho-social experience, registered with the HCPC o An Occupational Therapist, registered with HCPC o A counsellor/psychotherapist registered as an accredited practitioner with the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (BACP) o An accredited Cognitive Behavioural Therapist registered with the British Association for Behavioural and Cognitive Psychotherapies (BABCP) o Mental Health Nurse, registered with NMC o Clinical psychologist, registered with HCPC) * Have experience of Welfare to Work would be advantageous * Have experience relevant sales or working towards Key performance indicators (KPI's) * Have experience of maintaining existing and creating new business working relationships * Be a driver with access to their own car (desirable) Health Employment Adviser main duties: * To enable clients who have complex needs to gain employment, independence, inclusion and control over their lives * To provide personalised support required to help customers to increase their capabilities, improve their circumstances and enhance motivation * Provide an excellent service as a first point of contact and representing the organisation always My client is looking to interview and get the successful candidate started ASAP. If you feel you meet the above criteria, please get in touch with the Education & Training team at Morgan Hunt immediately. Equally if you have relevant experience at a similar level or above and are looking for a new opportunity, please get in touch. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer job suitability are assessed on merit in accordance with their skills, qualifications and abilities to perform the relevant duties required in a particular role "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Morgan Hunt UK Limited"	"Morgan Hunt UK Limited"	"JS3561_36675241/584331687"	"05/12/2018 15:27:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloiT"	NA
"Practice Manager"	"£24,000 - £26,000 per annum"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Practice Manager"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire - £24,000 - £26,000 per annum"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"We have a new opportunity at Bodybalance for a Practice Manager to join the team based in Hatfield. Joining us on a  full time, permanent basis and in return, receive a highly competitive salary and package of £24,000 - £26,000 per annum! Bodybalance Physiotherapy & Sports Injury Clinic is an established and growing company with 3 clinics in North and North West London and Hertfordshire - and plans for further clinics in the near future. Our focus is on providing highest quality, professional physiotherapy care which is valued, trusted and respected by our colleagues, clients and referrers. We are motivated by helping our patients achieve the best possible outcomes, and we work together as a team in a busy, fun environment.The Practice Manager Role Due to this exciting business growth, we are actively seeking to recruit a Practice Manager for a new role within the company. The Practice Manager will have responsibility for the admin/reception team and be answerable to the Managing Director.  The Practice Manager will oversee the day to day non-clinical operations at the clinics, ensuring that our patients receive excellent care and a high standard of customer service in a safe and efficient manner. This includes implementing and managing efficient booking and administrative processes, managing staff, and working with the clinicians to make sure that resources and support are available for appropriate patient care.Key Responsibilities of our Practice Manager - Ensure the smooth running of the practice through the provision of high levels of customer service to patients and effective support to the clinicians - Working with the Director to develop the business and patient services - Lead the admin and reception team, including appropriate delegation of work - Oversee daily practice operations - Consult regularly with the Clinical Managers and Accounts team concerning practice operations for support on problem solving and service improvement. - Review, design and implement patient services and non-clinical procedures - Manage service delivery to ensure the clinic is meeting the requirements of various contracts for service - Manage patient records and IT systems - Monitor the clinic's performance targets - Assist with the implementation of marketing strategies - Manages the production of internal and external communications, correspondence and marketing activities - Recruit, train, and supervise new admin and reception employeesOur Ideal Practice ManagerEssential: - People person - able to develop and maintain effective relationships with clinical and administrative staff, providers, patients, and the public - Excellent oral and written communication skills - Flexibility to adapt and a develop with the role - Motivation to be part of a growing business - Customer service focus - Problem solving skills - Well organised, analytical and a strong attention to detail - Skills in managing people and managing organisations - Ability to work as part of an overall team and to motivate colleagues - Skilled in developing and maintaining effective relationships with medical and administrative staff, referrers, patients, and the public - Computer literacy and knowledge of all Microsoft packages - Health and safety knowledgeDesirable: - Healthcare Practice Management experience or previous experience in a management position - Experience working in health and exercise - Familiarity with the private healthcare sector - An understanding of what a sports physiotherapist doesBenefits of becoming our Practice Manager In addition to a salary of £24,000-£26,000 (depending upon skills and experience) you will be eligible for a performance related bonus. You will also receive other benefits including free access to the gyms and health clubs in which we are located, company pension, staff parking permit and 28 days annual leave which increases in line with ongoing service. Support and opportunities for further training may also be available. If you would like to join us in this Practice Manager, then please click 'apply' today"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Community"	NA	"£24,000 - £26,000 per annum"	"Body Balance"	"Body Balance"	"JS3561_36484658/592935731"	"11/12/2018 09:08:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmspm"	NA
"Practice Manager"	"£24,000 - £26,000 per annum"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Practice Manager"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire - £24,000 - £26,000 per annum"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"We have a new opportunity at Bodybalance for a Practice Manager to join the team based in Hatfield. Joining us on a  full time, permanent basis and in return, receive a highly competitive salary and package of £24,000 - £26,000 per annum! Bodybalance Physiotherapy & Sports Injury Clinic is an established and growing company with 3 clinics in North and North West London and Hertfordshire - and plans for further clinics in the near future. Our focus is on providing highest quality, professional physiotherapy care which is valued, trusted and respected by our colleagues, clients and referrers. We are motivated by helping our patients achieve the best possible outcomes, and we work together as a team in a busy, fun environment.The Practice Manager Role Due to this exciting business growth, we are actively seeking to recruit a Practice Manager for a new role within the company. The Practice Manager will have responsibility for the admin/reception team and be answerable to the Managing Director.  The Practice Manager will oversee the day to day non-clinical operations at the clinics, ensuring that our patients receive excellent care and a high standard of customer service in a safe and efficient manner. This includes implementing and managing efficient booking and administrative processes, managing staff, and working with the clinicians to make sure that resources and support are available for appropriate patient care.Key Responsibilities of our Practice Manager - Ensure the smooth running of the practice through the provision of high levels of customer service to patients and effective support to the clinicians - Working with the Director to develop the business and patient services - Lead the admin and reception team, including appropriate delegation of work - Oversee daily practice operations - Consult regularly with the Clinical Managers and Accounts team concerning practice operations for support on problem solving and service improvement. - Review, design and implement patient services and non-clinical procedures - Manage service delivery to ensure the clinic is meeting the requirements of various contracts for service - Manage patient records and IT systems - Monitor the clinic's performance targets - Assist with the implementation of marketing strategies - Manages the production of internal and external communications, correspondence and marketing activities - Recruit, train, and supervise new admin and reception employeesOur Ideal Practice ManagerEssential: - People person - able to develop and maintain effective relationships with clinical and administrative staff, providers, patients, and the public - Excellent oral and written communication skills - Flexibility to adapt and a develop with the role - Motivation to be part of a growing business - Customer service focus - Problem solving skills - Well organised, analytical and a strong attention to detail - Skills in managing people and managing organisations - Ability to work as part of an overall team and to motivate colleagues - Skilled in developing and maintaining effective relationships with medical and administrative staff, referrers, patients, and the public - Computer literacy and knowledge of all Microsoft packages - Health and safety knowledgeDesirable: - Healthcare Practice Management experience or previous experience in a management position - Experience working in health and exercise - Familiarity with the private healthcare sector - An understanding of what a sports physiotherapist doesBenefits of becoming our Practice Manager In addition to a salary of £24,000-£26,000 (depending upon skills and experience) you will be eligible for a performance related bonus. You will also receive other benefits including free access to the gyms and health clubs in which we are located, company pension, staff parking permit and 28 days annual leave which increases in line with ongoing service. Support and opportunities for further training may also be available. If you would like to join us in this Practice Manager, then please click 'apply' today"	"Hatfield, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Community"	NA	"£24,000 - £26,000 per annum"	"Body Balance"	"Body Balance"	"JS3561_36484658/592935731"	"11/12/2018 09:08:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmspm"	NA
