"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"
"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"£22-25K"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex"	"Permanent"	"U23 Chartered Physiotherapist"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex - £22-25K"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Colchester United Football Club are seeking a U23 Chartered Physiotherapist. Working full time with the U23 players as part of an exciting, progressive Cat 2 Academy. Providing medical cover and rehabilitation advise daily including training and matches. The matches will be at various venues including Florence Park, The Jobserve Community Stadium and away venues. These games will involve some travel and occasional overnight stays. This post requires the successful applicant to undertake an enhanced DBS check. Key Responsibilities:  Assess and diagnose injuries to the full time U23 players   Treat these injuries as required   Design, advise and implement specific rehabilitation programmes for these injuries to players   Design and implement specific individual prehabilitation programmes based on player screenings   Keep accurate and comprehensive medical records on the PMA system   Attend medical consultations and scans associated with U23 players injuries  Requirements:  CSP and HCPC registration   Desirable  ATTMiF qualified (if not a desire to achieve this as soon as possible)   Individual Characteristics   Hard working   Clean driving license   Good communication skills.  Salary: £22 - £25K per annum Closing date: 11/01/19"	"Tiptree, Colchester, Essex, UK"	"Healthcare, Community"	"ASAP"	"£22-25K"	"Colchester United Football Club"	"Tony Flynn"	"JSCUFC/PHYSIO"	"11/12/2018 07:04:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkPfD"
"Physiotherapist Specialist"	"£20.99 per hour GBP"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Physiotherapist Specialist"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £20.99 per hour GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Trauma Physiotherapist Band 6 REQUIRED for Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust We are seeking to recruit Physiotherapists with experience of working in orthopaedics/trauma to join our bank team, to work within our inpatient trauma unit in the Horton Hospital in Banbury and/or the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. Shift: Full time opportunitySalary: £20.99 per hourLocation: Trauma Inpatients, Horton Hospital and John Radcliffe HospitalMAIN PURPOSE OF POST: To provide a high standard, CQC compliant physiotherapy service (ie safe, patient focussed, effective and evidence-based) in collaboration with other team members to trauma patients at the John Radcliffe Hospital.JOB DESCRIPTION:To assess, plan, implement and evaluate physiotherapeutic intervention and provide highly skilled and clinically effective treatment of a patient caseload that includes patients with complex presentations and multiple needs. To undertake all aspects of clinical duties as an unsupervised autonomous practitioner within sphere of confidence and competence. Supervise and teach recently qualified physiotherapists/physiotherapy assistants/students and be involved in teaching MDT staff Undertake evidence-based projects, including recommendations for change in practice and participate in departmental research and audit as required To document own patient records and contribute to the orderly presentation of data to management to facilitate the overall trauma service being run in an efficient and effective way. This is under the guidance of the team leader and is supporting their role.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  To be professionally and legally responsible for all aspects of the post-holders own work. To provide clinical expertise in assessment, treatment and management of musculoskeletal conditions and trauma patients, as an autonomous practitioner, including patients with diverse or complex presentations/multi pathologies To interpret and analyse clinical and non-clinical facts to form accurate diagnoses in a wide range of traumatic and soft tissue conditions including those with complex presentations To use clinical reasoning skills, and knowledge of specialist evidence based practice to recommend the best course of intervention, determine appropriate care plan, and utilise wide range of specialist treatment skills and options PERSON SPECIFICATION  Essential:   BSc or equivalent in PhysiotherapyRegistered with the Health and Care Professions CouncilMinimum 12 months post registration experienceEvidence of Continuing Professional Development including attendance at recent post graduate courses relevant to the clinical fieldExperience working in a Physiotherapy team and multidisciplinary teams.Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. This includes the ability to keep legible/accurate records both written and electronicallyExcellent organisational skills, with the ability to prioritise and delegateEvidence of ability to communicate appropriately and conciselyAbility to manage varied and unpredictable workloadAbility to make clinically reasoned judgements on a variety of musculoskeletal presentationsAbility to work with multi/interdisciplinary team and set team goalsHighly developed dexterity, co-ordination and sensory skills required for assessment and manual therapy techniquesAble to work at moderately high levels of physical activity involving the delivery of manual therapy, therapeutic handling and the demonstration of exercisesRemains updated with professional practice and new researchAbility and willingness to participate in staff training Competent IT skills including keyboard skills and familiarily with Outlook, Word Good team member nad worker .*PLEASE NOTE THIS IS TO APPLY TO JOIN NHS PROFESSIONALS' ALLIED HEALTH PROFESSIONALS BANK* NHS Professionals is owned by the Department of Health and is the leading provider of managed flexible workforce services to the NHS. Simply, we provide more than 100,000 health care professionals including; nurses, doctors, midwives, allied health professionals and admin staff to work shifts via our bank at our NHS Client Trusts across the UK. NHS Professionals offers its flexible worker customers is the choice of temporary work at their convenience. For NHS Trust clients, we offer reassurance of a safe supply of quality temporary staff at the best value. In return for your hard work and your professional, caring and reliable service you will have access to the following benefits:Competitive, weekly payAccess to the NHSP Stakeholder PensionPaid annual leave and statutory maternity pay (subject to qualifying criteria)Access to our very own pension's scheme called 'NHSP Stakeholder pension' Other Information: Confidentiality Confidentiality/data protection regarding all personal information and Trust activity must be maintained at all times (both in and out of working hours) in accordance with professional codes of conduct and relevant legislation such as the Data Protection Act. The post holder should ensure that they are familiar with and adhere to all Trust Information governance policies and procedures. Any breach of confidentiality will be taken seriously and appropriate disciplinary action may be taken. Equal Opportunities Promote the concepts of equality of opportunity and managing diversity Trust wide. Health and Safety Employees must be aware of the responsibilities placed upon them under the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974, paying due regard to health and safety in the workplace and management of risk to maintain a safe working environment for service users, visitors and employees. We reserve the right to close this vacancy early if sufficient applications are received. "	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£20.99 per hour GBP"	"NHS"	"NHS"	"JS3561_36786878/599795510"	"09/12/2018 09:14:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRVg"
"Physiotherapist - Functional Assessor"	"GBP"	"Fareham, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Physiotherapist - Functional Assessor"	"Fareham, Hampshire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Functional Assessor - Physiotherapist - Fareham - £38,000 Would you like to earn £38,000pa, working Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm only?Are you a Physiotherapist?Do you have at least 2 years post qualification experience?Does the idea of no more awkward shift patterns or weekend work sound relieving to you?If the answer is yes, to all these questions then MSI has the ideal role for you. We are currently recruiting for qualified Physios who are looking to move away from an NHS environment and put their training and skills to use in a new challenge as a Functional Assessor.This role involves holistically assessing 6 clients a day to establish the impact their disabilities has on their daily life and sending reports to decision makers within the Department for Work & Pensions (DWP). It offers the day to day variety, the one to one interaction and the clinical expertise of a normal Physiotherapy role without the ever present threat of NHS cuts, awkward shift patterns and the feeling of being overworked and underpaid.Excellent Benefits Good company pension (Match up to 10%)Private health care/Dental CareLife insuranceAnnual HCPC Fee covered Monday to Friday and it's 9am to 5pm. There is no irregular shift or weekend work involved to enable you to enjoy your resurrected social life.If you are looking to advance your career with a forward thinking, award winning, global company with excellent opportunities for continual professional growth and development then please click \"Apply now\" or contact Ibraim Cassama on 0/at MSI Recruitment Group and send your CV. "	"Fareham, Hampshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"JS3561_35919968/604198458"	"13/12/2018 15:03:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqx"
"Physiotherapist - Functional Assessor - £38,000 - Fareham"	"38k Annual GBP"	"Fareham, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Physiotherapist - Functional Assessor - £38,000 - Fareham"	"Fareham, Hampshire - 38k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"This role is excellent for a HCPC registered Physiotherapist who enjoys one-to-one interaction with clients and has good clinical knowledge and experience.The Role:£38,000Monday-Friday9am-5pm The role of a Functional Assessor offers the day-to-day variety, the one-to-one interaction and the clinical expertise of a normal Physiotherapy role without any awkward shift patterns and the feeling of being overworked and underpaid. The starting salary is £38,000 per year plus an excellent benefits package including good company pension, private health care, life insurance, gym membership and more. You also get 25 days holiday per year (+bank holidays) and have the option to buy an extra 10 days if you'd like! The company has a real interest in their employees' growth and provides excellent training when you first start the role and also offers a fast career progression which typically leads to a salary increase to £40,000 after just 6 months. Following that, more training is also offered to further develop your career within the company becoming a Registered Healthcare Advanced Practitioner and having a salary increase to £43,000.The Candidate:HCPC registeredMinimum of two years experience in physiotherapyExcellent customer service skillsGood with time managementEnthusiastic about career development If you think this role could be of your interest and you'd like to hear more about it please apply. I look forward to hearing from you! "	"Fareham, Hampshire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"38k Annual GBP"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"JS3561_36817606/604198551"	"13/12/2018 15:04:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKq5"
"Band 7 Clinical Specialist Physiotherapist"	"GBP"	"Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Band 7 Clinical Specialist Physiotherapist"	"Kent - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Well established hospital in Kent seeking excellent locum Physiotherapists to join their team! Candidate requirements:Band 7Clinical experience3+ years NHS experienceBSc in PhysiotherapyHCPC registration You would be working in the outpatients department of a community hospital.  Duration 17th Dec to 31st Jan. Fulltime but part-time can be considered. Please contact Aarushi at Piers Meadows Recruitment for more information/if you are interested. Interviews will be arranged immediately.  Our agency will process AND pay for your enhanced DBS and occupational health clearance and will reimburse your mandatory training. We can also assist in helping you move if you are willing to relocate for this role. "	"Kent, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Piers Meadows Recruitment"	"Piers Meadows Recruitment"	"JS3561_36796657/600713121"	"10/12/2018 15:37:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmjNQ"
"Physiotherapy Community Job"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Physiotherapy Community Job"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description JustPhysio are looking for a band 6 Community Physiotherapist based in London. This is a full time position and will last for a minimum of 3 months. For this role you will need experience in community, rehab and a broad range of inpatients. You will join the multi disciplinary team providing a community rehabilitation service, for up to 6 weeks, for patients referred from hospital therapists following acute admission or their GP. The successful candidate would be expected to travel to provide therapy input in the patient's own home. Car driver is preferred but not essential.Pay: £24-£27 per hourPosition: CommunityDuration: 3 monthsHours: Full TimeEssential: HCPC registrationFor more information please contact Luke on or via email at To be successful for this role, you must be a fully qualified Physiotherapist with a minimum of 12 months recent experience within a UK based hospital and proven experience within Acute Inpatients.We offer £250 for successful Physiotherapist referrals! Please contact us for details, T&C's apply. Additional benefits include: -A dedicated one to one service -Fast track registration process -Excellent rates of pay -Assistance with travel and accommodation -Weekly pay - on time, every time -Access to exclusive NHS and Private sector jobs -No Registration Fee! -Reimbursed CRBs -Free online training available With access to 100's of jobs on a daily basis, we guarantee we can find the right job for you!"	"London, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"JustPhysio"	"JustPhysio"	"JS0C26CA25/603304315"	"12/12/2018 13:27:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm6s9"
"Physio Functional Assessor - Edinburgh - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"38k Annual GBP"	"City, Edinburgh"	"Unspecified"	"Physio Functional Assessor - Edinburgh - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"City, Edinburgh - 38k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Would you like to earn £38,000pa working Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm only? Are you a HCPC registered Physiotherapist? Do you have at least 2 years experience as a fully Qualified Physiotherapist? Does the idea of no more awkward shift patterns or weekend work sound great? If the answer is yes to all these questions then MSI might just have the ideal role for you. We are currently recruiting in Edinburgh for qualified Physiotherapist's who are looking to put their training and skills to use in a different role. The role of a Functional Assessor offers the day to day variety, the one to one interaction and the clinical expertise of a normal Physiotherapist role without the ever present threat of cuts, awkward shift patterns and the feeling of being overworked and underpaid. The starting salary for a Physiotherapist Functional Assessor is a £38,000pa base salary which comes with an excellent benefits package also including good company pension, private health care, life insurance etc. Probably the most attractive thing about the role for someone who has been a ward based Physiotherapist is the fixed working hours. It is a straight Monday to Friday role from 9am to 5pm. There is no irregular shift work or weekend work involved at all so you are able to plan your days and weeks knowing exactly where you will be! The company will also cover the cost of your HCPC fees every year. So if you are ready to make a change in your Physiotherapy career and would like to hear more about this excellent opportunity then please click \"Apply now\" and send me your CV! "	"City, Edinburgh, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"38k Annual GBP"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"JS3561_36819841/604199202"	"13/12/2018 15:03:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqt"
"Physio Functional Assessor - Birmingham - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"38k Annual"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Physio Functional Assessor - Birmingham - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"Birmingham - 38k Annual"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Would you like to earn £38,000pa working Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm only?Are you a HCPC registered Physiotherapist?Do you have at least 2 years experience as a fully Qualified Physiotherapist?Does the idea of no more awkward shift patterns or weekend work sound great?If the answer is yes to all these questions then MSI might just have the ideal role for you. We are currently recruiting in Birmingham for qualified Physiotherapist's who are looking to put their training and skills to use in a different role.The role of a Functional Assessor offers the day to day variety, the one to one interaction and the clinical expertise of a normal Physiotherapist role without the ever present threat of cuts, awkward shift patterns and the feeling of being overworked and underpaid.The starting salary for a Physiotherapist Functional Assessor is a £38,000pa base salary which comes with an excellent benefits package also including good company pension, private health care, life insurance etc.Probably the most attractive thing about the role for someone who has been a ward based Physiotherapist is the fixed working hours. It is a straight Monday to Friday role from 9am to 5pm. There is no irregular shift work or weekend work involved at all so you are able to plan your days and weeks knowing exactly where you will be!The company will also cover the cost of your HCPC fees every year.So if you are ready to make a change in your Physiotherapy career and would like to hear more about this excellent opportunity then please click \"Apply now\" and send me your CV! "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"38k Annual"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"JS3561_36568626/600083541"	"09/12/2018 07:07:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmO2y"
"Physio Functional Assessor - Birmingham - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"38k Annual"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Physio Functional Assessor - Birmingham - £38,000pa Plus Package"	"Birmingham - 38k Annual"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Would you like to earn £38,000pa working Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm only?Are you a HCPC registered Physiotherapist?Do you have at least 2 years experience as a fully Qualified Physiotherapist?Does the idea of no more awkward shift patterns or weekend work sound great?If the answer is yes to all these questions then MSI might just have the ideal role for you. We are currently recruiting in Birmingham for qualified Physiotherapist's who are looking to put their training and skills to use in a different role.The role of a Functional Assessor offers the day to day variety, the one to one interaction and the clinical expertise of a normal Physiotherapist role without the ever present threat of cuts, awkward shift patterns and the feeling of being overworked and underpaid.The starting salary for a Physiotherapist Functional Assessor is a £38,000pa base salary which comes with an excellent benefits package also including good company pension, private health care, life insurance etc.Probably the most attractive thing about the role for someone who has been a ward based Physiotherapist is the fixed working hours. It is a straight Monday to Friday role from 9am to 5pm. There is no irregular shift work or weekend work involved at all so you are able to plan your days and weeks knowing exactly where you will be!The company will also cover the cost of your HCPC fees every year.So if you are ready to make a change in your Physiotherapy career and would like to hear more about this excellent opportunity then please click \"Apply now\" and send me your CV! "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"38k Annual"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"MSI Group Ltd"	"JS3561_36568626/600083541"	"09/12/2018 07:07:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmO2y"
