"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"
"Quality Assurance Manager"	"£35k - 45k per annum"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Quality Assurance Manager"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £35k - 45k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Quality Assurance Manager | Oxford | £35,000 - £45,000A Client of mine is looking for a Quality Assurance and Compliance Manager to join their engineering team in Oxford. Key responsibilities: Implementation of the business quality system to contribute to, and integrate with the organisations business strategyReport to senior management on the performance and effectiveness of the business Quality Management System and the need for improvementsDevelop and implement a communication strategy to improve awareness, ownership and benefits of Quality and Continuous Improvement culture across the entire company. Provide leadership and guidance to a cross functional team of process owners within the business management system to ensure processes remain the most relevant and effective means of managing the businessAct as a consultant and advisor to all application regulatory complianceEstablish audit system and maintenance of ISO9001 and other standards as applicable Required Skills and Experience:Membership of a recognised Quality & CI body - CQI, LCSDegree level qualification, technical or manufacturing preferredProven coach/teacher of quality/compliance behavioursExpert knowledge and experience in applying quality tools and techniquesConversant with a range of industrial and regulatory compliance tools and techniquesAble to lead quality improvements within cross functional teamsCustomer facing skills, able to gain credibility with customers"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Engineering"	"2018-12-31"	"£35k - 45k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Ryan Widdicombe "	"JSOXFORD"	"10/12/2018 12:07:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhfG"	NA
"Senior Developer"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Developer"	"Reading, Berkshire - £45k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Are you an accomplished developer with a wide breadth of technical know-how? Are you ready to take on the challenge of running a small team? Do you enjoy debate and (friendly) argument as a way to test your knowledge and assumptions? You write code, and you thrive on the challenge of making that code artistic in its simplicity. C# is your language of choice, but you take pride in being able to answer \"probably, yeah\" when someone asks \"I've got this bit of code that doesn't work, can you fix it?\" without having to ask what it's written in. You like neat, orderly separations between layers of code, enjoy the speed boots fluent mappings and ORMs provide but are worldly enough to know they've got their downsides too, and you like the idea of cloud and micro-services but have been around the block enough to know where the traps are. You revel in the freedom to suggest and implement new technologies - but you don't have problems supporting existing code and get your hands dirty with the odd bit of Legacy product. You like the idea of leading a team of developers, but prefer to spend your day in Visual Studio than in Outlook and Excel, and as much as you relish the opportunity to share your knowledge you don't want to be a teacher. You'll lead a small team of developers and QA engineers as a sub-team working on our SaaS product. You'll take part in sprints alongside other teams - spread across the UK, Ireland and Adelaide - and represent your team's work in scrums and scrum-of-scrums with the other TAs. What does the ideal candidate look like? - Excellent Technical skills, with the \"depth\" bit in C#, MVC and enterprise applications and breadth in just about anything tech - Excellent JavaScript skills, including exposure to Bootstrap, knockout, knockback, angular, node or similar and a good understanding of the underlying processes involved in ajax - Excellent SQL skills, including familiarity with query execution plans, optimisations and index maintenance, memory pinned tables and analysis services, reporting services and big-data techniques - A firm belief that code that doesn't have unit tests and automated test suites isn't worth having - Experience on Azure, AWS or similar, including IaaS and PaaS What's in it for you? As well as a competitive salary, pension contributions and holiday allowances, you'll have the opportunity to directly influence both the technology and product roadmap of a growing, ambitious company with some amazing people in it. You'll work alongside experts in a number of fields, and they'll put you through training on the technical tools and platforms (including for Microsoft certifications) as well as in management and organisational effectiveness You'll engage directly with experts from Microsoft and the wider tech sphere, as well as with our customers, and you'll build your own profile and reputation rather than being an anonymous cubicle farm drone. ISL (Incite Solutions Ltd) is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"07/01/2019"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"ISL Recruitment"	"James Leech "	"JS-6041"	"07/12/2018 09:14:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2tM"	NA
"Recruitment - £100k OTE Year One!"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment - £100k OTE Year One!"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"I'm kidding, that won't happen. You're actually looking at a first year OTE of £35,000 - £40,000.Here at Austin Fraser, we do recruitment a little differently.Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working, so you won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.So what will you be doing?First, you'll focus on building up a network of exceptional candidates. This will really be the foundation of your recruitment business.From here, you'll be using this network to win new business and clients, both over the phone and face to face.Sound simple?It is, but it's hard work.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business. You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.A background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere.We don't look for keywords on a CV, you're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips.Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.A clear progression structureAll national public bank holidays offQuarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings. To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket, you know, the that your teacher said you'd never have... that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000, on top of your commission!Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.Just like all the great companies, we started life in a garage. Back in 2007, our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years and we now have 6 offices across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to be apart of somewhere that does things a little differently, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-100K"	"10/12/2018 16:35:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmkEp"	NA
"Chief Scrum Master - London - up to £60,000"	"£50k - £60k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Chief Scrum Master - London - up to £60,000"	"London - £50k - £60k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Chief Scrum Master - London - £50,000-£60,000 My client a Fintech that specialise in Risk Analytics software are currently looking for a Chief Scrum Master (RTE) on a permanent basis for their London office.The division have 7 project teams each having their own Scrum Master. As Chief Scrum Master you will oversee each Scrum Masters projects and report directly to the CTO. They are using a Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) which is an effective scaling framework which helps in aligning organizational goals.The Chief Scrum Master conducts the Scrum of Scrums in SAFe. Each agile team of the Agile Release Train will have their respective Scrum Master. These scrum masters participate in the Scrum of Scrums which is led by this role. As the chief Scrum Master, you will be responsible for handling and removing multiple project dependencies, improving process and coordinating between various teams.You will be able to engage at all levels of the business and enjoy working with multiple different stakeholders.12 Traits of a Great Chief Scrum Master Agile MindsetCourageous Servant LeadershipIntegrity FacilitatorNegotiator Communicator TeacherMentorHonest and Transparent Critical ThinkingLifelong learnerAny of the below qualifications would be helpful but not essential.Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)Certified Scrum Professional (CSP)Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)Agile Engineering with optional Certified Scrum Developer (CSD) certificationProject Management Institute - Agile Certified Professional Advanced ScrumMaster (ASM) Scaled Agilist (SA) SAFe Program Consultant (SPC4) SAFe Release Train Engineer (RTE4)Please submit your CV for immediate consideration. (see below) "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£50k - £60k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"Tim Bunn "	"JS-BBBH54400"	"10/12/2018 10:05:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmg1k"	NA
"Scrum Master - London - up to £55,000"	"£45k - £55k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Scrum Master - London - up to £55,000"	"London - £45k - £55k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Scrum Master - London - Up to £55,000 per annum My client a Fintech that specialise in Risk Analytics software are currently looking for a Scrum Master (RTE) on a permanent basis for their London office.The division have 7 project teams each having their own Scrum Master. As Chief Scrum Master you will oversee each Scrum Masters projects and report directly to the CTO. They are using a Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) which is an effective scaling framework which helps in aligning organizational goals.The Chief Scrum Master conducts the Scrum of Scrums in SAFe. Each agile team of the Agile Release Train will have their respective Scrum Master. These scrum masters participate in the Scrum of Scrums which is led by this role. As the chief Scrum Master, you will be responsible for handling and removing multiple project dependencies, improving process and coordinating between various teams.You will be able to engage at all levels of the business and enjoy working with multiple different stakeholders.12 Traits of a Great Chief Scrum Master Agile MindsetCourageous Servant LeadershipIntegrity FacilitatorNegotiator Communicator TeacherMentorHonest and Transparent Critical ThinkingLifelong learnerAny of the below qualifications would be helpful but not essential.Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)Certified Scrum Professional (CSP)Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)Agile Engineering with optional Certified Scrum Developer (CSD) certificationProject Management Institute - Agile Certified Professional Advanced ScrumMaster (ASM) Scaled Agilist (SA) SAFe Program Consultant (SPC4) SAFe Release Train Engineer (RTE4)Please submit your CV for immediate consideration. (see below) "	"London, UK"	"IT"	NA	"£45k - £55k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"Tim Bunn "	"JS-BBBH54400"	"12/12/2018 11:48:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm6Gb"	NA
"IT Trainer/Coach - Returners Programme"	""	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"IT Trainer/Coach - Returners Programme"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Returning to work after a break doesn't have to be daunting. At QA, we want you to have a fulfilling career that works for you and your family - and we'll support you as you relaunch your working life. We're seeking tech trainers and coaches who love helping others to learn and accomplish their goals. This role offers returning parents the opportunity to utilise your existing skills but apply them in a completely different way. It's the perfect career for parents returning to work, whether you're experienced in a similar role or looking to retrain for a new career in teaching/education.We're offering this role as part of our Return | (Re)Train initiative - an exciting new programme to support returners, upskill talent for the tech sector and make getting back to work an exciting experience.The roleOur programmes and courses train up talent to meet employers' tech and business skills needs and help learners take their own careers to the next level. At QA, we genuinely transform our learners' lives, and in this role you'll be part of that. Whether you're teaching an apprentice their first line of code or supporting a new manager as they tackle the challenges of dispute management, you will be their teacher.With our support, you'll deliver tech course content through a combination of face-to-face, E-learning and digital methods and coach learners to help them succeed - whether they're highly qualified professionals or beginners looking to join the field. You'll teach both scheduled/public and customised courses for relevant areas of QA's tech portfolio.This is an exciting, fulfilling role where you get to interact directly with learners to help them grow their skills and achieve their potential.How we'll support your return to work A supportive workplace that accommodates your family responsibilities  Flexible working contracts - we can even offer you school holidays off  Training courses to help you learn new coaching skills or provide a refresher in the field  An assigned co-pilot/\"buddy\" to get you up to speed with our processes and award-winning tech coursesWhat we offer Generous base salary (dependent on experience)  School holidays off (or ad hoc holiday bookings if that is better for you)  Unique return-to-work training programme (not mandatory but there for you should you want to use it)  Two days paid charity work for a charity of your choice  Three days of paid training from your choice of 1,200+ diverse QA courses  Subsidised gym membership and cycle to work scheme  Private pensionYou are  Passionate about helping, supporting and teaching others  Willing to learn  Confident at speaking to groups of people (perhaps in customer-facing roles) with strong presentation, interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to share your expertise/experience with others  Eligible to live and work in the UK  Able to plan and deliver against set learning and achievement targetsWho are we? QA is one of the largest learning services organisations in the UK. We help develop skills and capabilities for everyone, from apprentices to business leaders. Headquartered in London with 20 more training centres nationwide, QA Group comprises four fast-growing divisions-QA Learning, QA Apprenticeships, QA Consulting and QA Higher Education-all of which deliver innovative, award-winning (2016 Top 20 IT Training Companies List) and ever-evolving skills solutions.We'd love to support your return to work-apply today and let's get started on your newest career chapter! "	"United Kingdom"	"IT, Education"	"ASAP"	NA	"QA"	"QA"	"JS2607359/599336859"	"12/12/2018 11:14:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOH"	NA
"Product Owner"	"£45-50k + excellent benefits"	"East of England, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Product Owner"	"East of England, United Kingdom - £45-50k + excellent benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"A global leader in assessment and E-learning is looking for a Product Owner to join their digital and new product development team. This team is responsible for their exciting new range of digital learning, assessment, and teaching products from early stage development. They aim to use thelatest emerging digital tech to create world leading digital learning and assessment experiences on mobile and theweb, touching millions of lives. As a Product Owner within this organisation you will take ideas and challenges from the business or customers and by adopting a user-centric, innovative and iterative approach, find digital solutions. Using your knowledge, ideally of the language learning, teaching and assessment market, you will manage thedevelopment and improvement of a group of digital learning products and provide clear ownership. You will help intensify the focus on new digital learning and assessment by: Ensuring iterative, user centicand agile approaches are employed as required Focus on customer needs, value and a positive user experience that benefits the business Make sure product development focuses on ROI To be considered you will need: To be passionate about innovation and user centric approaches to digital products and development Ideally you will have experience of the language learning market in the UK and ideally overseas as well. This could be as a teacher or similar before moving into digital product development You will have a proven track record in the design, development and delivery of digital products and ideally learning/E-learning/training products The client has an excellent working environment and this role has an impressive benefits package."	"East of England, United Kingdom"	"IT, Sales and Marketing, Education"	NA	"£45-50k + excellent benefits"	"SynApps"	"Ian Reid "	"JS"	"11/12/2018 10:53:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmtZW"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies Required"	"110.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Maidstone, Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Business Studies Required"	"Maidstone, Kent - 110.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Business Studies Required We have an exciting opportunity for a Business Studies teacher to join one of our academics in the Medway area as soon as possible. You will be able to bring elements of fun into the classrooms and make learning an enjoyable experience. To be suitable candidate you need to have the ability to teach well thought out lessons that will maintain the interest of the students. A successful candidate will be committed and passionate with teaching students, to help them stay engage in the classrooms activities. To be considered for the Business Studies role: Good subject knowledgeIdeally hold a Qualified Teaching Status(QTS) or equivalentHave a good communication skillsBe able to motivate students and improve their confidenceThe role is essentially for two terms but could lead into a permanent position depending on the teacher. As a Business Studies Teacher with CER, you will benefit from: Great competitive pay (weekly pay) pay ratesRecommend a friend scheme with £250 bonus*Dedicated and committed Recruitment Consultant to support youMoney back on your DBS from CER*CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit.  If you are seeking an interesting rewarding Business Studies role, please send an up to date CV or contact Alicia at CER on . *Term and conditions apply "	"Maidstone, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"CER EDUCATION RECRUITMENT"	"CER EDUCATION RECRUITMENT"	"JS3561_36716990/590125143"	"12/12/2018 09:05:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4JH"	NA
"Teacher"	"16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher"	"Southwark, London - 16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"JOB OVERVIEW - Teacher role  At The Complete Works Independent School, we are looking for passionate teachers to deliver creative lessons while successfully nurturing and inspiring our students. As part of our energetic and welcoming team, you will enthuse and motivate students to strive for success whilst following the schemes of work which will be provided.  WHY CHOOSE US: The Complete Works (TCW) is an alternative educational provision, which delivers a unique and innovative education to students. Our approach to learning allows students to feel empowered and appreciated. You do not require having a teaching qualification to teach at The Complete Works. We have students all over London eg Southwark, Lewisham, Tower Hamlets, Islington and Hackney.  The majority of our students have an individual teacher assigned to deliver their education pathway, which is based off-site at their homes, libraries or other suitable settings. We also have TCW education centres where students can come and learn on-site together in small groups. Sometimes the circumstances can be challenging but often the results are very rewarding. WHAT WE OFFER: You will be on an induction rate for the first four weeks. After the four weeks, your rate will be reviewed and be increased Bank worker contract A school that is fully dedicated to developing every child to reach their full potential, irrespective of their ability Collaborative working within our shared family of schools to support our endeavours to work smarter and achieve an effective balance between home and work. A dedicated and friendly team of professionals who are keen to develop and learn. Development through mentorship and coaching Trainings  Facilities to resource your ability to teach your students  Tailor made individual learning plans for every student  JOB REQUIREMENTS: Some experience working with SEN or behavioural students Would like to make a difference Passionate about education Degree or equivalent  THE RIGHT CANDIDATE WILL HAVE: A detailed knowledge of the curriculum and its means of delivery High standards of communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to work as a team. The ability to work towards deadlines. The ability to motivate both students and your peers. Highly motivated and enthusiastic. Excellent attendance and punctuality. Experience innovating to deliver the curriculum Find out more on our school website or email us via the button below. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6814764/583836162"	"11/12/2018 09:19:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmszX"	NA
"Teacher of Biology, Chemistry or Physics- Jan 2019- West London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Biology, Chemistry or Physics- Jan 2019- West London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description KS3-KS5 Teacher of Science/Science Teacher- West London A thriving and diligent Secondary School and Sixth form is looking for an 'Outstanding' Science Teacher/Teacher of Science to join their team to provide excellent education to KS3- KS5 students on a fixed term contract starting from January 2019 with the opportunity to be transferred to a permanent contract. * Have you got a PGCE with QTS or SCITT in Science? (NQTs welcomed)* Can you work on a fixed term contract?* Able to start from January 2019 but available to interview ASAP?If you have met all the requirements above, then we want to hear from you ASAP!Job Information* West London** Fixed-term and full-time*January 2019- July 2019.**KS3- KS5 Students*As a Science Teacher/Teacher of Science the role includes providing \"Good\" to \"Outstanding\" UK Science Curriculum lessons, preparing lesson plans for the week, prepping students for exams and ensuring that all children are receiving an exceptional level of education.Furthermore, the Teacher of Science/Science Teacher role at the school will include directing students accordingly whilst using different and effective learning styles in the classroom. An example is using visual, written and spoken elements in the lessons to engage all students in the classroom as each student may respond to different learning techniques. The Teacher of Science will also ensure that a good rapport is built within the classroom. School InformationThe Secondary school is located in West London and has accessible transport links including tube, national rail and bus services. The Science Department in the school utilise their great teaching resources to provide outstanding education for their students to achieve their highest potential grades.In addition, the school ensures that all students' abilities are catered to by employing extra support staff. Pupils are dedicated to applying to their sixth form and other further education opportunities, with many of the students wanting to study Science at A-Level. As a whole the staffing team work together to keep the school thriving and to help as many students move onto further education or apprenticeships.To apply for this role, you must have a PGCE with QTS or SCITT qualification in Science to be shortlisted for the position. Please only apply if you meet these requirements. Thank you.  "	"London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSB53F7C40/596972441"	"12/12/2018 07:12:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm3bl"	NA
"Drama Teacher Required - Farnborough"	"110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Farnborough, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Drama Teacher Required - Farnborough"	"Farnborough, Hampshire - 110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Drama Required We are looking for Drama teachers in Farnborough and the surrounding areas.Reed Education are on the framework for Local Council which ensures we have a high demand of work across the academic year, as well as dealing with Other local authority's, private Schools and academy's. Do you have great classroom management skills? Are you craving the opportunity to be flexible with your working hours? Wanting to try a few different schools before you commit to just one?Whether you're looking for your next permanent position or day to day supply, we would like to hear from you!We are always looking for talented Drama teachers to work across our schools in Farnborough and local attached areas. Whether you're an NQT or an experienced teacher, we are always happy to assist. Working on a temporary basis gives you the freedom to try many different schools, it also allows you to get a better work life balance. Now is a great time to work on a temporary basis through Reed as we currently have schools pre-booking teachers already!With competitive rates of pay Reed Education are a great agency to work through with many teachers working with us year on year. Reed Education can also help you find a permanent position whilst working with us on a temporary contract! You will be appointed a personal consultant who will work with you every step of the way, for further information, apply below or contact us on or Email us at Next StepsBook your personal one to one appointment with your consultant - Contact us today!We will then put a time in the diary to meet your personal consultant who will help you every step of the way.Reed Open DaysLooking ahead why not come to one of our Reed Open Days? We hold regular open days where you can drop in and meet the team, get registered for the here and now or the next term coming. Please enquire on the contact details above for our next Reed Open Day.What would you do with an additional extra £100??Refer a friend scheme: Know someone who might be interested in working through Reed? Refer them to Reed and once they have a completed assignment you will be win £100 of vouchers! (Terms and Conditions apply)Higher rates are based on an LTD basis, Please enquire for further details on the benefits and how these can be achieved. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Farnborough, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36128797/599125054"	"07/12/2018 09:03:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jv"	NA
"Teacher of English, York"	"GBP"	"York"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English, York"	"York - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are seeking to appoint a forward thinking English Teacher, with a proven record of raising attainment at GCSE level. You will join a committed and inspirational team at Easter 2019 for at least one term, with the possibility of going on to a fixed term contract, directly with the School.We require candidates to teach English across a range of abilities at Key Stage 3 and GCSE. You should be committed to the development of the pupils and strive to achieve the highest results from your pupils. You will need to maintain and drive the high standards that the School set and already have in place. This is an OFSTED graded 'Good' School, with comments on the School's 'Outstanding' Senior Leadership Team. The English department is a strong team, with attainment levels raising year on year, so this is a great opportunity for an experienced Teacher of English, or a Newly Qualified Teacher of English.If you are looking for a new opportunity from Easter 2019, here are just a few reasons why you should be joining Teaching Personnel:Market Leaders for the UK Education RecruitmentCompetitive daily rates of pay according to experience and qualifications; in-line with Agency Worker Regulations (AWR)Continuous Development with a range of online and in-house courses, such as Child Psychology, Team Teach, Autism Awareness and links to website resourcesDedicated Consultant who will support you through all placements you complete with Teaching PersonnelFor more information please call Kerry Fowler on or send your up to date CV by clicking 'Apply Now'. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"York, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC38EE576/599808673"	"08/12/2018 11:06:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDiQ"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies"	"100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Leeds"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Business Studies"	"City, Leeds - 100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education is working exclusively a school in the Leeds area who are looking for a Business Studies Teacher who is willing to continue to develop minds of our future generations.This role is for a January start and is a year long maternity cover, however, for the right candidate we have been advised that further employment is possible.This school is making rapid improvements with huge increases in their GCSE results in the past academic year. The school has a fully formatted plan towards an outstanding Ofsted inspection which is well underway, developing every department in the school.You could be apart of this schools success story.If you are interested in- Joining a forward thinking Business Studies department which allows your team to evolve and progress.- CPD opportunities, allowing your teaching expertise and skills to grow- Easy motorway links from Yorkshire areas, making your journey to work pain-free.- Generous levels of PPA, allowing you to go into every lesson confident and assuredYou need to apply for this job now!All you need to do is - Provide relevant qualifications (QTS) and endure a DBS check (3 years)- Be able to teach all science specialisms up to key stage 4- Be willing to join this school on their journey to academic excellenceIf more information is required please call Reed Education on . Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"City, Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36773619/598614306"	"07/12/2018 09:03:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2j4"	NA
"Teacher of Maths/Maths NQT - North London"	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths/Maths NQT - North London"	"London - Inner London Salary GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Maths NQT seeking work in North London for July or September 2018? Seeking your first role as a qualified teacher? Want to join a fast improving and progressing department? If so then please read below. Maths teacher - North London - Haringey area July or September start Excellent Senior Management Team Great opportunities for career progression Our client is currently seeking a dedicated, committed and ambitious teacher of Maths for a permanent post in North London. The teacher must have Qualified Teacher Status; have a real drive for teaching and a passion for their students. The school we are recruiting for is a lively, vibrant and energetic establishment which has students from varying social and economic backgrounds enrolled. They are looking for a classroom practitioner who enjoys creating strong relationships with their class and has the ability to engage students of all abilities. If selected you will be teaching at Key Stages 3 & 4 as well as the possibility of A-Level work. You will join a well-structured and successful team which is held in high regards by students and staff alike.  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813616/580802130"	"10/12/2018 07:07:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgH8"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies"	"MPS GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Business Studies"	"United Kingdom - MPS GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"St. Aloysius' College is a successful North Islington R.C. Comprehensive school. We take pride in our friendly and inclusive school community with its commitment to supporting pupils and staff in achieving their full potential. We are looking to appoint a fully qualified Teacher of Business Studies for an April 2019 start to teach across the full age and ability range. Able to contribute effectively to the development of this subject showing creativity and initiative especially with the development of new approaches to teaching the subject. You duties will include: Assisting with the development of strategies to ensure every pupil makes good progress in accordance with the schools targets and expectations Assisting with the development and delivery of our SEN and intervention strategies monitoring and assessment including the appropriate setting of pupils to ensure we give every pupil the best chance to succeed. Assisting with the delivery of the Business Studies and careers and work experience programme Taking responsibility for maintaining up to date schemes of work as directed by your line manager Focusing on planning and delivering outstanding lessons that inspire and enthuse pupils Holding the highest expectations of all pupils irrespective of their ability or background Working with the SEN team and the academic and pastoral team to ensure that opportunities are provided for every child to make progress including the provision of extension activities for those pupils who excel at the subject St. Aloysius' College is committed to Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people, and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Apply: An application form is available via the school's website. Please email your completed application to Debbie McDonagh  "	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"MPS GBP"	"ST ALOYSIUS RC COLLEGE"	"ST ALOYSIUS RC COLLEGE"	"JS3573_6825003/601651391"	"10/12/2018 07:09:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJD"	NA
"FOod Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"FOod Technology Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of food TechnologyOur client a thriving Catholic High School seeks to appoint a talented and dynamic Teacher of Food Technology to work within their hugely successful Technology Department. The school have an excellent Catholic Ethos with a strong leadership team. The Teacher ofFood Technology position is available from January 2019. The ability to teach across all key stages 3, 4 and 5 will be an advantage.To apply for this post please contact the team ASAP "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"KS Recruitment Group"	"KS Recruitment Group"	"JS209143949/604638450"	"13/12/2018 11:02:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBE"	NA
"Science Teacher - Milton Keynes"	"105.00 Daily - 165.00 Daily £105 - £165/day GBP"	"Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher - Milton Keynes"	"Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire - 105.00 Daily - 165.00 Daily £105 - £165/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Science Teacher - Milton KeynesI am looking for a fully qualified Science teacher for a part time role teaching on Monday, Tuesday & Wednesdays. This will be a long term placement teaching general science to KS3 and KS4 level.You will be required to plan and mark work. This role will be an on-going role until July 19.As a Science teacher you will; * Teach Science to KS3 & KS4 level. * Assess, mark and plan lessons * Assess achievements of pupils * Provide progress reports and attend parents evenings The ideal candidate will have the following skills & experience * Qualified teacher Status * Experience working with children * Dedication to their job * A passion for teaching * Commitment Applications are welcome from NQT's & overseas trained teachers with QTS. We only recruit passionate people who are prepared to get off their chair and actually teach! This isn't an easy job and we recognise that the only way to be successful is to enjoy what you do.Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Disclosure and Barring Checks "	"Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"105.00 Daily - 165.00 Daily £105 - £165/day GBP"	"Aspire People"	"Aspire People"	"JS209118423/604641178"	"13/12/2018 11:02:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBB"	NA
"Business Teacher"	"60.00 Daily - 180.00 Daily £60 - £180/day GBP"	"Sunderland"	"Contract"	"Business Teacher"	"Sunderland - 60.00 Daily - 180.00 Daily £60 - £180/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Business Teacher - SunderlandThe Education Network is currently working in partnership with a reputable Secondary School in Sunderland in search of a Teacher of English. The role is initially temporary from January - July, however there is an opportunity for the successful candidate to be extended or appointed on school contract.The school is known for being one of the most reputable in the LEA and the successful candidate will be joining a dedicated, passionate and committed department. In order to be successful in your application you must be confident and experienced in teaching Business at KS3-4, any experience of KS5 teaching would be advantageous.Requirements for this role:- QTS or other UK recognised Teaching qualification.- Experience teaching Business at KS3-4- Excellent behaviour management skills- A degree in a relevant subject.- Experience in the classroom-Have strong interpersonal skills in order to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students.- Have excellent organisational and time management skills.The Education Network has become first choice for secondary schools across the region for both daily and long term supply cover. We also work with our client schools on exclusive permanent recruitment opportunities not advertised anywhere else.We have developed a unique CPD programme for our teachers and support staff and you could also benefit from the ongoing training we provided to all our staff free of charge as and when the courses are released thought the course of the academic year.The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance + standards. Any appointment will be subject to stringent checks including referencing and an enhanced DBS check. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy "	"Sunderland, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 Daily - 180.00 Daily £60 - £180/day GBP"	"Education Network - Newcastle"	"Education Network - Newcastle"	"JS209125839/604640492"	"13/12/2018 11:02:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJA9"	NA
"English Teacher - Enfield - January - Perm Role"	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"English Teacher - Enfield - January - Perm Role"	"London - 48k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"English Teacher - Enfield - January Are you a passionate and dynamic teacher of English seeking a new role for January? Are you looking for a permanent English teaching role? Do you hold QTS? Can you commute to Enfield? * English teacher required * Permanent/long term supply post * January start * Ofsted outstanding school * Enfield * English teacher My client school, an Ofsted outstanding secondary based in Enfield North London are looking for an English teacher to join the team from January. This is a permanent/long term supply role and will commence in January. The school was recently rated outstanding by Ofsted and is a great environment for teachers who are passionate about their subject. Exam results particularly within the English department have been improving each year and the school are keen to ensure this continues. This is a school where both staff and pupils can flourish within a supportive, inspirational and disciplined environment. This Enfield school are looking for an English teacher who is an expert in their subject with an excellent understanding of the intellectual journey they are taking their pupils on. The English department is a supportive department where good teachers flourish. This English teaching role is a full time post and will commence in January. To apply for this English teaching role please send an up to date CV or call James at Academics on . "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36693652/587594572"	"13/12/2018 07:04:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmt"	NA
"Design Technology Teacher - April 2019"	"18k - 39725.00 Annual GBP"	"Prestwood, Buckinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Design Technology Teacher - April 2019"	"Prestwood, Buckinghamshire - 18k - 39725.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Design Technology KS3, KS4 & KS5 - April 2019 \"Our aspirational leadership embeds a culture of ambition which permeates the school\" Ofsted May 2017 We are a \"Good and harmonious school\" (Ofsted 2017) We want to attract the best staff and invest in them, as we see them as our most valuable asset. \"The school's professional learning programme is exemplary\" (Ofsted 2017) Do you want to work in a school where: There is a strong team ethos, with caring colleagues and superb students who \"conduct themselves exceptionally well in lessons and around school\" (Ofsted 2017)Bespoke training is provided and all staff have access to coaching in order to develop their practice and leadership.Leadership of teaching and learning is a \"considerable strength of the school\" (Ofsted 2017)The successful candidate will be able to motivate and inspire students to develop their skills and understanding of Design Technology up to KS4 and the ability to teach all strands of Technology at KS3 is essential, supporting outstanding progress in their learning. Applicants should also have the ability to teach subject specialism up to KS5. The candidate ideally would possess Certified DATA Machinery training. This post would suit either an experienced teacher or an NQT. The closing date for applications is midday on 9th January 2019 with interviews being held in mid January. The Misbourne reserves the right to close and shortlist early, therefore early applications are encouraged. The Misbourne is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expects all staff to share this commitment. An offer of appointment is subject to satisfactory references, DBS (Disclosure and Barring Service) Enhanced Disclosure and medical clearance. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers. "	"Prestwood, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"18k - 39725.00 Annual GBP"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited"	"JS3561_36687680/587505767"	"13/12/2018 07:03:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmZ"	NA
"PE teacher needed for all girls school in Liverpool"	"75.00 - 105.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Liverpool"	"Unspecified"	"PE teacher needed for all girls school in Liverpool"	"City, Liverpool - 75.00 - 105.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"PE teacher for an all-girls school in Liverpool PE teacher required for an all-girls school the start of the new academic year; this fantastic school based in Liverpool, are looking for an inspiring PE teacher who will contribute to the wider success of the school. You should be comfortable taking on a timetable which will include groups within KS3, KS4 and KS5. The school is highly regarded for its pupil progress. You will be expected to have a good knowledge of the national curriculum and be a dedicated and energetic PE teacher. The successful PE teacher will have: QTS or a broad range of coaching qualifications and a relevant higher level diplomaExperience in the sports coaching and/or education sectorHave the ability to deliver high quality sport and physical activity sessions across the National CurriculumHave a knowledge and understanding of effective pupil behaviour management and be able to implement strategies with a class of 30 childrenIn return you will receive Good rates of payA no hassle payment schemeWorking in a rewarding environmentOutstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way, with excellent industry experience and in-depth knowledgeAn excellent 'recommend a friend' schemeIf you are the right PE teacher for this role, then please call Sam Leadbetter on or email  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Liverpool, UK"	"Education"	NA	"75.00 - 105.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"JS3561_36721658/590496388"	"13/12/2018 07:03:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmU"	NA
"SEMH Teacher- Leeds"	"100.00 per day GBP"	"Leeds"	"Contract"	"SEMH Teacher- Leeds"	"Leeds - 100.00 per day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"SEMH Teacher, Leeds required ABOUT US Prospero Teaching is looking for Supply Teachers to work in schools across West Yorkshire. Acting as a work-finding service, we provide supply cover to a range of Primary, Secondary and SEND Schools; from small village schools to large secondary schools. We are looking for Teachers to cover all classes from Reception through to KS5 and who have strong behaviour management skills and are passionate about teaching. Prospero Teaching work with both newly qualified teachers and experienced teachers by helping you find your next position. Some contracts may be extend from day-to-day bookings to longer term cover. CONTRACT/POSITION DETAILS *Location - Various locations across West Yorkshire *Position - Supply Teacher *Type of work - Supply Teacher - day to day and long term cover in various schools *Start date - ASAP *Duration/Likely Duration - Day to day bookings, with the potential for extension depending on schools *End date (if applicable) - N/A *Contract type - Temporary *Full time/part time - Part time and full time depending on schools needs *Minimum rate of pay - Minimum rate £100 per day *Hours - 8:30 am - 4pm (full day), half day (am or pm), individual lesson cover EXPERIENCE, TRAINING AND QUALIFICATIONS *QTS, QTLS, PGCE, EYTS or equivalent *Previous experience working in a UK school *Up to date Safeguarding training issued in the last year (desirable however not essential) TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR THIS ROLE THROUGH PROSPERO TEACHING, YOU MUST: *Hold Right to Work in the UK *Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application *Provide two professional child related references "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 per day GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36678645/587172862"	"13/12/2018 07:03:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmK"	NA
"MFL Teacher/2nd in Department"	"500.00 - 49.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"City, London"	"Unspecified"	"MFL Teacher/2nd in Department"	"City, London - 500.00 - 49.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"MFL Teacher/2nd in Department (French & Spanish) is required for an inspirational, high achieving, Outstanding graded school in Central London, starting September 2019!If you're an experienced MFL Teacher looking for promotion, this inspirational school in central London would love to hear from you.If you're an experienced MFL Teacher/2nd in Department, looking to work in a high achieving school, and can offer dynamic leadership. this could be a great opportunity for you!@ MFL Teacher/2nd in Department@ Innovative Leading Edge status Secondary School with Sixth form@ Permanent post from September 2019@ Salary: MPS/UPS + TLR2b (£33,500 - £49,500)@ Deemed 'Outstanding' by OFSTED 2017@ Top 5% Nationally for Progress 8@ 79% of students gained 5 9-5 GCSEs, including Maths & English, 2018@ Leading Teacher Training School with first class CPD@ Excellent preparation for Head of Department/Assistant Principal@ One of the Best Non-Selective mixed school in Central LondonHigh aspirations? Looking for an exciting new challenge? This school is a vibrant and exciting place to work and was graded as outstanding in all areas by Ofsted in June 2017. In 2018, this school achieved a Progress 8 score of 0.52, placing them well within the top 5% of highest performing schools nationally. They have a desire to be in the top 1%.This truly inspiring secondary school in Central London is looking for a truly dynamic MFL Teacher/2nd in Department from September 2019. This is a school with a tight, robust and no-nonsense behaviour systems in place, which ensures you can really teach.From September, they are looking for a MFL Teacher/2nd in Department who can support lead a large French and Spanish department of innovative, dynamic teachers, who themselves, have been graded good/outstanding.With great students who behave impeccably, an outstanding team of staff, state of the art facilities, and a very pleasant location in beautiful Central London, this school offers an excellent opportunity for an ambitious, talented individual looking to develop their career. Ofsted highlighted their very effective staff training and support and outstanding CPD.This school has a very comprehensive, and effective, development programme, bringing all subject areas together every week to share best practice. The school teaches a challenging academic curriculum for all students and they are driven by a desire, at the core of their mission, to get the best possible results for all of our students, no matter what their starting points or circumstances.They are now looking for a MFL Teacher/2nd in Department, an exceptional individual to play an important role in their unique and growing school. The successful candidate will be an excellent teacher of MFL, with proven middle leadership experience. This is an excellent MFL Teacher/2nd in Department opportunity for an ambitious practitioner, who wants to help lead the rapidly growing MFL curriculum area and make a real impact on further driving up attainment and progress in MFL.If you would like to apply for this leadership post, please email a CV and covering letter to Nigel Horne at Educatus Recruitment ASAP. "	"City, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"500.00 - 49.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"JS3561_36718366/590127660"	"12/12/2018 09:04:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Iu"	NA
"QTS Teacher All Primary PPA-Part Time- Immediate Start"	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"QTS Teacher All Primary PPA-Part Time- Immediate Start"	"London - 120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"QTS Teacher Needed For All Primary PPA Cover- Part Time Teacher Needed in Tooting - Immediate Start  Are you a qualified teacher looking for an exciting new role? Do you want to work in a school that is dedicated to nurturing well-rounded, confident children equipped for their future? TeacherActive is seeking to recruit a teacher for PPA throughout the all year groups for a large and very popular primary school in Tooting. January start to the end of the academic year, with the potential to going on longer for the right teacher. The successful teacher will be working with children of mixed abilities. It is essential that you have good working knowledge of the Primary National Curriculum and that you have experience of planning and delivering quality learning experiences for pupils.To be considered for this position you must have: Qualified Teacher Status/QTS (Newly Qualified Teacher welcome)Experience of working in Key Stage 1 & Key Stage 2 An innovative and creative approach to teachingThe ability to manage the class and deal with challenging behaviorIn return, TeacherActive will ensure that you are well-supported in this role and aim to provide you with further excellent opportunities in your career. To do this, we will provide you with: Good rates of payAn efficient clearance process in order to register you and get you working as quickly as possibleAn excellent 'recommend a friend' scheme.Terms and Conditions apply*If you feel you would be well suited to the role and would like to find out more please contact with Alex Madrell on or via email :  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"JS3561_36720829/590369504"	"12/12/2018 09:04:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4IV"	NA
"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"Birmingham - 110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019 Are you a science teacher looking for a position in Birmingham for January 2019?  Academics Ltd is supporting one of the best schools in Birmingham and has an exciting opportunity to recruit a qualified science teacher for the academic year.We have a role available for an enthusiastic science teacher to start in January 2019. The school is looking for a confident science teacher with good communication skills; strong behaviour management skills and someone who is passionate about helping kids achieve their full potential. The role You will be a qualified and experienced science teacher looking to teach a KS3 - 5 class. An exciting opportunity for you to play a vital role in teaching and helping students improve and achieve academically. The job role includes: Plan work in accordance with departmental schemes of work and national curriculum programmes of studySet appropriate and challenging science work for all pupils in KS3 & KS4 classKeep appropriate records of pupils' workComplete pupil reports in line with school policy.Developing and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning in sciencePlan and deliver science lessons to an excellent standardAssessing and marking science work and assignmentsmonitor students' progression and raise attainment levelsAbility to plan engaging science lessons using numerous learning methodsBe dedicated and enthusiasticRequirements Resilient, driven and self motivatedScience related Degree and UK Teaching qualification (QTS,PGCE)NQT Science TeacherExperience in teaching trilogy AQA science is advantageousUK classroom experienceAbility to plan engaging lessons using numerous learning methodsAvailable full time from January 2019Able to travel around BirminghamValid DBS or willingness to obtain oneDesirable At least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolProven and relevant experience of teaching KS3 - 5 scienceNQT science Teacher or QTS science TeacherAdditionally you will benefit from: Joining a supportive and thriving departmentNQT's will receive a lot support on inductionCareer progression opportunitiesCompetitive SalaryIf you are willing to go the extra mile to provide an outstanding education to fantastic children, then we would welcome your application to this science teacher position. Please send your CV to or CALL  "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36794972/600484933"	"10/12/2018 07:03:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEH"	NA
"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens"	"GBP"	"St. Helens, Merseyside"	"Unspecified"	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens"	"St. Helens, Merseyside - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens Milk Education are looking to appoint an EYFS Teacher to work at a School in St Helens in a Reception class. The position is to start Monday 7th January 2019 and the School are looking to meet someone for a chat before they finish for the Christmas break. This role is for 5 full days per week and will be an on-going long-term role. The full teaching cycle is expected at all times, including planning, marking, assessing, recording data, report writing, staff insets and training and parents evenings.The School are happy to look at taking on either an NQT or a Qualified Teacher. Previous EYFS experience is essential and excellent knowledge the EYFS curriculum and assessments is desirable. You must also be committed to working in a Full time role as the school are looking for continuity. The school provides an extremely welcoming environment, a supportive team environment and extremely passionate children. In order to be considered for this role we require you meet the following criteria; Hold a relevant teaching qualification with QTS, such as a PGCE, B.Ed. or a BA Hons.Have eligibility to work in the UK or be a UK resident.Have previous experience of working in a UK Primary School.Two suitable references covering the last 2 years.Hold a current DBS that is registered with the update service or be willing to apply for a new one.In return MILK Education can offer; Excellent rates of pay.Direct links to local schools.Dedicated Consultants who will cater for your employment needs with 24/7 availabilityCommitment to quality and safeguarding.24/7 support for interview and lesson observation preparation.In order to be considered for this role or any other opportunities we have please click 'apply' below for one of our dedicated consultants to get in touch. Privacy Statement At Milk Education, our core values have been built around the importance of transparency, innovation, passion and collaboration. As such, we are committed to open communication and the protection of your privacy. We have updated our policies in line with new General Data Protection Regulation laws to make it easier for you to understand how we collect, store and handle your data- These can be viewed on our website via our privacy policy. "	"St. Helens, Merseyside, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Milk Education"	"Milk Education"	"JS3561_36745607/592834076"	"10/12/2018 07:03:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEA"	NA
"Business Teacher Basildon September 2019"	"30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Basildon, Essex"	"Unspecified"	"Business Teacher Basildon September 2019"	"Basildon, Essex - 30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Business Teacher - Basildon Are you a strong, experienced Business Teacher with a history of successfully working within challenging schools? Do you teach in a way that focusses on academic achievement, but that also is inclusive and creative? A school in Basildon are seeking a Business Teacher to join them as of September 2019!  * Business Teacher * Basildon* MPS 2-5 (dependent upon experience)* Permanent, Full-Time Business Teacher position * Leading classes up to A-Level as the new Business Teacher * CPD and TLR opportunities available for the successful Business Teacher* September 2019 start as the new Business Teacher The school want to meet a Business Teacher who is able to use their extensive curriculum knowledge to create and deliver engaging and well researched lessons that are fun, engaging, and interactive for all students. The hired Business Teacher will have high expectations of their pupils and will continue to push them beyond their perceived ability. This 11-18 secondary is in Basildon. The school is close to transport links and offers on-site parking facilities. Thanks to a high calibre team of teachers, excellent direction from the Senior Leadership Team and well-rounded pupils, this school has achieved 'Good' status from OFSTED. The school invests heavily in its staff support, development and progression and so the successful Business Teacher will have immediate access to an excellent CPD programme.  As a Business Teacher at this school, you will be operating alongside an especially hard-working Business Studies Department and leading classes up to GCSE. This Business Teacher role will see you focus on sustaining good exam performance, cultivate a positive classroom mentality, plan thorough lessons and help students achieve beyond their potential. The successful Business Teacher will have access to the latest teaching resources. The school provide a fully-functioning ICT suite, a library, and interactive whiteboards in every class to ensure maximum efficiency for their teaching team. Click 'Apply Now' and send your CV to Amber at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of Business Teacher applications, only successful applicants will be contacted. "	"Basildon, Essex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36793161/600487747"	"09/12/2018 13:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT29"	NA
"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019"	"917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Leicester, Leicestershire"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019"	"Leicester, Leicestershire - 917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019 Key Stage 1 Teacher - central LeicesterTo start January 2019Paid to scale.Key Stage 1 Teacher to join a 3 form entry schoolEmpowering Learning are currently recruiting on behalf of a 3 form entry primary school, the head teacher is looking to appoint inspirational and compassionate Key Stage 1 Teacher who has a history of 'Good' or better teaching. The school is searching for a Key Stage 1 Teacher who can produce exciting, creative lessons that ensure all pupils make clear progress. Behaviour throughout the school is very good and the school have a well-balanced community feel that ensures it brings together children, teachers and parents to manage this.In this Key Stage 1 Teacher post you will be leading a year group based on your skills and experience. Engagement of both pupils and parent is a focus within the school and so the head teacher is looking for a Key Stage 1 Teacher who can not only produce inclusive lessons that ensure all pupils make progress, but also enthuse parents and carers to take an active part in their child's education. CPD is excellent within the school, led by their invested Headteacher.The school is situated in central Leicester, this 3-form entry primary school has recently been graded as 'Good' by OFSTED. The school has invested heavily in facilities recently as it looks to prepare pupils for the modern world, and boasts an interactive outdoor learning space, bespoke ICT suite and brand-new resource library. If you would like to be considered for this role, please contact Oliver Taylor on and email your CV to  "	"Leicester, Leicestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36763070/597594656"	"07/12/2018 09:06:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mj"	NA
"ICT Teacher Needed in Manchester!"	"90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"ICT Teacher Needed in Manchester!"	"City, Manchester - 90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"PE teacher for immediate start in Manchester Required immediately; this fantastic school based in Manchester, are looking for an inspiring PE teacher who will contribute to the wider success of the school. You should be comfortable taking on a timetable which will include all year groups within the secondary range and ideally A-Level classes also. The school is highly regarded for its friendliness and pupil progress. You will be expected to have a good knowledge of the national curriculum and be a dedicated and committed PE teacher. The successful PE teacher will have: QTS or a broad range of coaching qualifications and a relevant higher level diplomaExperience in the sports coaching and/or education sectorHave the ability to deliver high quality sport and physical activity sessions across the National CurriculumHave a knowledge and understanding of effective pupil behaviour management and be able to implement strategies with a class of 30 childrenIn return you will receive: Good rates of payA no hassle payment schemeWorking in a rewarding and respectful environmentOutstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way, with excellent industry experience and in-depth knowledgeAn excellent 'recommend a friend' scheme.Terms and Conditions Apply*If you are the right PE teacher for this role, then please call Carla on or email  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"JS3561_36782467/599172115"	"07/12/2018 09:06:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mU"	NA
"English Teacher - Twickenham £120 - £225 a day"	"120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"English Teacher - Twickenham £120 - £225 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"*English Teacher - Twickenham *January 2019 Start -Experienced English Teacher - Newly Qualified Teachers welcome. English Teacher required for a Secondary school to teach students aged from 11 to 18. The start date is for January 2019 with interviews for a temporary/long term position in the next month! We are seeking an ambitious English Teacher with high standards towards behaviour and a proven track record of good to outstanding teaching who is looking for a temporary role starting in January 2019 in the area of Twickenham, with an option to go permanent. Whether you are an experienced English teacher or an NQT who has just qualified, you should be confident in your ability to hit the ground running and continue the high level of learning achieved by the English department. The successful English Teacher will be pro-active and self-motivated, aspiring to be an outstanding practitioner if not already. You should be an innovative English Teacher with the ability to prepare lessons that ensure progression. If you are an enthusiastic and ambitious English Teacher looking for a new role, please send your CV immediately for consideration and we will be in touch to discuss if you fit our criteria. Please send your CV today! All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36515915/596911455"	"07/12/2018 09:06:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mB"	NA
"Maths Teacher Required for a PRU in Birmingham"	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher Required for a PRU in Birmingham"	"City, Birmingham - 100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Maths Teacher for a Pupil Referral Unit in Birmingham.  Are you looking for a new challenge? Are you a Maths Teacher/Instructor with experience working in SEND Schools with students who have challenging behavior? TeacherActive are working with a PRU/Pupil Referral Unit school in Birmingham to find an outstanding Maths Teacher or Instructor with experience of working alongside students in KS3 and KS4/Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4 to promote the accelerated learning of the students. The role will be to teach a small class of students who have been excluded from mainstream school in line with the National Curriculum. The successful Teacher/Instructor will need to be naturally engaging with a genuine passion for young people's learning. Excellent classroom management skills and a strong personality are also a must. Experience and strong knowledge of the National Curriculum is highly desirable. The successful candidate needs to be a Teacher who specialises in teaching Maths and have a minimum of 6 months experience of working in a classroom environment. Fantastic organisational and communication skills and the ability to build strong relationships with staff and students are also essential. It is important that you are able to identify areas of improvement required when working on a 1:1 basis. In return you will receive:*Good rates of pay*Working in a rewarding environment*Outstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way *Fantastic prospects of further long term work If this exciting opportunity sounds like something you would be interested in, or you would like to hear about any of our other exciting vacancies, then please contact Rachael at TeacherActive ASAP on or forward your CV to  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"JS3561_36783717/599521827"	"07/12/2018 09:04:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kU"	NA
"EYFS Teacher - 12 month maternity"	"110.00 - 160.00 per day"	"Featherstone, Yorkshire"	"Contract"	"EYFS Teacher - 12 month maternity"	"Featherstone, Yorkshire - 110.00 - 160.00 per day"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"EYFS Reception Teacher required from January 2019, covering maternity leave.The governors of this 'Good' Primary School in Wakefield wish to appoint an excellent, enthusiastic and highly motivated teacher to join the staff of this outstanding, friendly school. If you would like to visit the school before you apply you will be very welcome.The school provides a vibrant and challenging environment in which students learn and develop into responsible young people, assisted by excellent care, guidance and support.Please contact the office if you wish to visit.Applicants should be:An excellent classroom practitioner with experience of teaching in EYFS Reception.Someone with high expectations of pupils' achievement and behaviourAble to ensure excellence and enjoyment for all childrenSelf-motivated and able to work cooperatively as part of a teamYou must be able to commit to the school for a minimum of 12 monthsThe school will offer:Friendly children who are keen and very well behavedA supportive and hardworking teamExcellent opportunities for CPD"	"Featherstone, Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 160.00 per day"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36596848/587183781"	"13/12/2018 07:03:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHml"	NA
"Science Teacher Required"	"180.00 Daily - 220.00 Daily £180 - £220/day GBP"	"Camden, London"	"Contract"	"Science Teacher Required"	"Camden, London - 180.00 Daily - 220.00 Daily £180 - £220/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Full time Science teacher needed for KS3 to KS4. Start date January 2019.Strong subject knowledge and classroom management skills are essential.The school is a coeducational community secondary school, located in the London Borough of Islington. Minutes away from the district of Camden Town.Requirements:. Be able to provide Two education based references. Enhanced DBS which is registered on the update service. Right to work in the UK without requiring sponsorshipCompany:Vision Teaching is a London based teacher recruitment agency with strong and longstanding client relationships which we are continually expanding. As an agency we understand the importance of our clients and candidates and strive to satisfy each and every individual's requirements.Vision Teaching is committed to the safeguarding and welfare of children, candidates will be subject to a string of suitability and competency checks including an enhanced DBS disclosure issued within the last year and two satisfactory references.If you are interested in applying for this role please contact us on today!All applications are important to us; however, if you do not hear from Vision Teaching within 72 hours your application has not been successful "	"Camden, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"180.00 Daily - 220.00 Daily £180 - £220/day GBP"	"Vision Teaching"	"Vision Teaching"	"JS209167059/604634605"	"13/12/2018 09:03:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIEd"	NA
"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019Are you a science teacher looking for a position in Birmingham for January 2019? Academics Ltd is supporting one of the best schools in Birmingham and has an exciting opportunity to recruit a qualified science teacher for the academic year.We have a role available for an enthusiastic science teacher to start in January 2019. The school is looking for a confident science teacher with good communication skills; strong behaviour management skills and someone who is passionate about helping kids achieve their full potential.The roleYou will be a qualified and experienced science teacher looking to teach a KS3 - 5 class. An exciting opportunity for you to play a vital role in teaching and helping students improve and achieve academically.The job role includes:Plan work in accordance with departmental schemes of work and national curriculum programmes of studySet appropriate and challenging science work for all pupils in KS3 & KS4 classKeep appropriate records of pupils' workComplete pupil reports in line with school policy.Developing and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning in sciencePlan and deliver science lessons to an excellent standardAssessing and marking science work and assignmentsmonitor students' progression and raise attainment levelsAbility to plan engaging science lessons using numerous learning methodsBe dedicated and enthusiasticRequirementsResilient, driven and self motivatedScience related Degree and UK Teaching qualification (QTS,PGCE)NQT Science TeacherExperience in teaching trilogy AQA science is advantageousUK classroom experienceAbility to plan engaging lessons using numerous learning methodsAvailable full time from January 2019Able to travel around BirminghamValid DBS or willingness to obtain oneDesirableAt least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolProven and relevant experience of teaching KS3 - 5 scienceNQT science Teacher or QTS science TeacherAdditionally you will benefit from:Joining a supportive and thriving departmentNQT's will receive a lot support on inductionCareer progression opportunitiesCompetitive SalaryIf you are willing to go the extra mile to provide an outstanding education to fantastic children, then we would welcome your application to this science teacher position.Please send your CV to  or CALL  "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSB49B9301/600698526"	"09/12/2018 13:02:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT25"	NA
"Primary/Middle Teacher Reception"	"125.00 Daily - 130.00 Daily £125 - £130/day GBP"	"Camden, London"	"Contract"	"Primary/Middle Teacher Reception"	"Camden, London - 125.00 Daily - 130.00 Daily £125 - £130/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Reception Teacher Required in Camden!Are you looking for a new challenge for January? Our client is looking to appoint a reception class teacher to join their team next term. The school is situated in the buzzing centre of London, Camden! The primary school is a thriving and friendly school. They pride themselves on building positive relationships with the pupils and parents. You will join an exciting team where you support initiatives decided by the Head teacher and staff. You must hold a QTS or equivalent qualification and have an excellent knowledge of the EYFS/KS1 national curriculum. You will report to parents on the development, progress and attainment of the pupils, consistently holding high expectations of the pupils. This is a fantastic opportunity where you will also join Protocol Education where we are dedicated to the development of your career! We offer a range of benefits when registering with us: We offer a wide range of training opportunities for teachers and support workers with regular seminars and online courses. Courses are often completely free exclusively to those registered with Protocol Education. Protocol Education can get you clear and out to work faster than any other agency with fast and efficient forms and online DBS checks! An online series of top tips all easily accessible on our website, with videos on activities for the classroom.  Protocol Education offers local coverage with your own personal consultant.If this is a role you would love to be put forward for please contact Protocol Education on (Apply online only) and send us your up to day CV today "	"Camden, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"125.00 Daily - 130.00 Daily £125 - £130/day GBP"	"Protocol Education"	"Protocol Education"	"JS209098106/604643079"	"13/12/2018 15:03:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqy"	NA
"Design Technology Teacher"	"140.00 Daily - 175.00 Daily £140 - £175/day GBP"	"Sutton, Surrey"	"Contract"	"Design Technology Teacher"	"Sutton, Surrey - 140.00 Daily - 175.00 Daily £140 - £175/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"DT TeacherLocation: Sutton, South LondonStart date: January 2019Contract type: Full TimeContract term: OngoingSalary: £(Apply online only) per dayBenefits: Excellent CPD Opportunities and a Recruitment and Retention AllowanceSuitable for NQTs: YesCareer Teachers are supporting a Secondary School in Sutton who require a qualified Design Technician Teacher from January 2019 on a Full time basis.DT Teacher - Full Time - Sutton, South LondonThe DT teacher will be a creative and dynamic teacher who can contribute to the development of the curriculum at KS3/4 and 5. Strong subject knowledge and being able to teach up to and including A-level is essential, and you must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree. The appointed candidate will be well supported by an excellent induction programme and access to excellent facilities for teaching and learning. The school are offering a generous benefits package, including a loyalty bonus and excellent CPD Opportunities.The School - DT Teacher - Sutton, South LondonBased in Sutton and easily accessible by fast trains from London Bridge and Victoria, the school is amongst the largest and most dynamic comprehensive schools in the country. For over 90 years it has being rooted in the local community where it combines traditional values with the very best facilities and the latest developments in Quality First Teaching.The school are proud to offer;. A dynamic curriculum, delivered with the very best in technology and resources. A warm, ambitious family of staff and governors with a passion for learning. Excellent personal and professional development opportunitiesPerson Specification - DT Teacher - Sutton, South LondonTo be considered for this role, you must be a qualified DT teacher dedicated to helping students achieve their potential and more. The successful candidate will be a strong practitioner with a passion for their subject and can commit to a Full time contract from January 2019. The school will consider experienced candidates as well as newly qualified teachers (NQT) and have an excellent record of supporting teachers with induction year. Successful applicants will be subject to references and an up to date DBS with update service or be willing to apply for a new DBS.When you apply with Career Teachers, you get:. Competitive rates of pay. Professional support from our team of experienced consultants. Opportunities to progress your career. Ongoing career advice from a dedicated consultant. Free face to face CPD courses.Plus, recommend a friend who's looking for a new role and we'll thank you with £250 of Amazon vouchers for every teacher and £75 of Amazon vouchers for every teaching assistant who registers and works for 10 days. To find similar roles and register for more fantastic teaching opportunities, apply now or visit Career Teachers.At Career Teachers we are fully compliant with Agency Worker Regulations, ensuring you receive equal treatment for pay and conditions after a 12 week qualifying period. Please ask for further details.Important Notice: In order for you to be successful in applying for the above position you should be eligible to work in the UK, or hold a relevant work visa. Safeguarding, quality and integrity are at the heart of what we do. During the application process you are required to:- Attend an interview in person;- Give details for us to complete Reference checks;- Provide an Enhanced DBS disclosureWe are committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. We have a policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to reply to individual enquiries. If we have not contacted you within this specified time your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion, we encourage you to Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Business and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients "	"Sutton, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"140.00 Daily - 175.00 Daily £140 - £175/day GBP"	"Career Teachers"	"Career Teachers"	"JS209107408/604642098"	"13/12/2018 15:03:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqg"	"Graduate"
"Year 6 Teacher (TLR)- Primary- Arnos Grove"	"28315.00 - 43348.00 Annual £28315 - £43348/annum TLR- Key Stage 1 Phase Leader- SLT GBP"	"Barnet, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 6 Teacher (TLR)- Primary- Arnos Grove"	"Barnet, London - 28315.00 - 43348.00 Annual £28315 - £43348/annum TLR- Key Stage 1 Phase Leader- SLT GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Primary Teacher - Year 6 (TLR available) - Arnos Grove- January 2019 Are you seeking an exciting yet challenging, new role as a Primary teacher?Do you want to be part of SLT (middle management) creating a change for the better? Are you looking to expand on your teaching career?An excellent Primary school located a few minutes from away from Arnos Grove station in Barnet are searching for a Key Stage 2 Teacher to join them next academic year on a full-time, permanent basis. The Primary school are need of a Year 6 Teacher to be Key Stage 1; phase lead and become part of SLT. This role is suitable for an experienced primary teacher wanting to have an establishment in a school. Primary Teacher - Year 6 (TLR available) - Arnos Grove- January 2019 . Primary Teacher - Year 6. Key Stage 1 Phase Lead- TLR. Middle Management (SLT). Arnos Grove; Barnet. Full-time, permanent contract. MPS/UPS- Plus TLR. January 2019 . July 2018 start for strong NQTs. Good OFSTED. (Experienced teachers please!)As a Class Teacher at this Primary School your role will be to deliver engaging lessons to instil a love of learning in the children. This school is very inclusive and focuses on ensuring that all children have an equal access to learning. The Primary school hope to find a dedicated and talented KS2 teacher who has an innovative, forward thinking teaching style. You will be expected to inspire the children alongside managing their behaviour in and out of the classroom.As part of SLT you would have to attend weekly meetings after school be involved regarding the development and changes that come with being a Key Stage 1 Phase Leader. As a more experienced class teacher, there are ample opportunities for CPD and the Head Teacher encourages their staff to undertake further training and development opportunities. There are options for core subject leadership. Primary Teacher - Year 6 (TLR available) - Arnos Grove- January 2019The requirements for this role include:. Hold QTS - Bachelor of Education/PGCE or equivalent . UK experience (either Full time or during university placements). Eligibility to work in the UK If you are searching for an exciting teaching role for January and the details above sound interesting then please contact Khadija Education on or send your CV "	"Barnet, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28315.00 - 43348.00 Annual £28315 - £43348/annum TLR- Key Stage 1 Phase Leader- SLT GBP"	"Servoca Education Resourcing"	"Servoca Education Resourcing"	"JS209161284/604635347"	"13/12/2018 09:02:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIDT"	NA
"lead teacher/teacher/unqualified teacher"	"999.00 - 30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Stansted, Essex"	"Unspecified"	"lead teacher/teacher/unqualified teacher"	"Stansted, Essex - 999.00 - 30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"ActievSEN recruiting for a SEMH Teacher to work with KS3 & 4 students with social, emotional and mental health needs (SEMH) on the behalf of our client. This role is a permanent position starting January 2019. We are ideally looking for a SEMH Teacher who has some experience working within this field, but would also consider strong unqualified teachers with experience working with students with SEMH. The majority of the teaching takes place off site at a number of different locations, including the libraries, offices and local community About the Role  SEMHexperiance is essential  To mentor and build strong and successful relationships with KS3/4 students   Working with a small, but solid, team of teaching staff  Permanent position starting January 2019   Suitable for someone who can drive  Salary starting at £30,000, with a TLR for a lead teacher  Being responsible for the learning of 4-8 students as part of a team. Each team consists of a Lead teacher, Teacher/UQT, Tutor with additional staff to support where needed.  A lead teacher oversees their team and is responsible for the planning, teaching, learning, progress and personal development of their students  Teacher/UQT shares a portion of this responsibility appropriate to their experience  Tutors either support teachers in class or tutor students 1:1  Responsibility for a subject lead within the school  In order to be considered for this role, the SEMH Teacher will need to meet the following criteria:  Bachelor of Education/PGCE/or equivalent teaching degree with QTS (unqualified teachers with SEMH experience will also be considered for this role)   Proven experience teaching the UK, or an equivalent, curriculum  NQTs and/or OS-trained teachers are welcome to apply  Have strong communication, literacy and numeracy skills  Prior experience working with students with social, emotional and mental health needs (preferred)  Eligible to work in the UK (must have valid visa)  Recent classroom-based references and valid DBS/police checks Please apply with update CV "	"Stansted, Essex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"999.00 - 30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36815741/604250618"	"13/12/2018 07:02:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHlp"	NA
"Reception Teacher - February 2019 start"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reception Teacher - February 2019 start"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Role:- Reception Class TeacherLocation: HackneyOfsted: Outstanding OfstedStart Date:- End of February 2019 Salary:- M1-M6 Inner London Benefits; Excellent CPD opportunities can be offeredAn outstanding Ofsted rated school in Hackney London is seeking a Reception Teacher to join their school from the end of February 2019. As Reception class teacher in this school you will have pleasure of working with a diverse team of teachers that take great pride in making this school a stimulating and inspiring place for pupils and staff to work. The school is located within the heart of East London. We are working with the head teachers and governors to recruit a teacher that is:able to raise and sustain standardshas excellent interpersonal skills and enjoys working with pupils, staff and parentshas excellent curriculum knowledgeis able to enthuse and inspire childrencan contribute to a professional and committed teamHas a creative approach to their teaching methodsWe can offer:supportive, motivated colleaguesenthusiastic pupils and supportive parentshighly supportive and enthusiastic mentora diverse and vibrant community schoolThe school is urging both newly qualified and experienced teachers to apply for this exciting chance to be a Reception Class Teacher at their school.If you meet the criteria below, please send your CV ASAP to Cara at Reeson EducationTeachers applying for this role, must hold the following:A Recognised Teaching Qualification with QTSIdeally previous experience of working within a Reception classTwo Teaching Related ReferencesA recent CRB or DBS"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS0634A436/600718845"	"10/12/2018 07:09:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJO"	NA
"Music Teacher in West Acton."	"400.00 - 27300.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Music Teacher in West Acton."	"London - 400.00 - 27300.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Are you an inspiring Music teacher who is looking for their next rewarding career? J and C Education are actively looking for a passionate, creative, experienced Primary School Music Teacher that is able to deliver high quality, engaging Music lessons in West Acton. Start Date - January 2019 Salary: £23400- £27300 pro rata depending on experience Interviewing: ASAP J and C have a fantastic role available at one of our partnering school, who are looking for a KS1 & KS2 music teacher to deliver the music curriculum. Our friendly school highly values the importance of the music and the arts. Your time would be spent delivering the music curriculum as part of their PPA cover, whilst also leading the choir and music ensembles. The ideal candidate will be able to deliver inspiring lessons in accordance with National Curriculum requirements to KS1 AND KS2 children. They must also be able to coordinate extra curriculum activities such as choirs and singing assemblies at an excellent standard. The school has many music events throughout the year therefore the ideal candidate must be able to coordinate and show case both school choirs and ensembles during these events The successful candidate needs to be confident in their ability to teach outstanding lessons, demonstrating enthusiasm and passion at all times. They must be able to have excellent behavior and classroom management and be able to motivate and inspire children to exceed. Our teachers are consistent, and are able to 'think outside of the box' whilst also leading the music department at our schools. We pride ourselves in placing autonomous teachers which is why schools choose to partner with us. We will only consider teachers who meet these exact requirements. Essential Requirements: 2 years + UK primary music teaching experienceDBS ClearanceAble to engage and inspire at all timesA strong classroom managementMust be able to integrate in the school community and organise extra curriculum activities and concerts.Benefits of working with J and C Education: Career progressionFriendly and reactive teamFamily of musiciansPlanning providedContinued Professional DevelopmentTraining DaysSocial Events1 to 1 mentor to guide you through your teaching journeyWe are also working on a number of vacancies, so even if this one doesn't fit your requirements, we may have something more suitable for you "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"400.00 - 27300.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"J and C Education"	"J and C Education"	"JS3561_36739719/591758859"	"12/12/2018 09:04:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Ix"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"115.00 Daily - 175.00 Daily £115 - £175/day Plus Statutory Holiday Pay GBP"	"Mansfield, Nottinghamshire"	"Contract"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Mansfield, Nottinghamshire - 115.00 Daily - 175.00 Daily £115 - £175/day Plus Statutory Holiday Pay GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher required from January 2019! Teaching Force are seeking an enthusiastic Business Studies Teacher to work at an excellent Academy in Mansfield. This is a full-time, long-term contract commencing in January 2019. You will be required to teach Business Studies on a daily basis to Key Stage 4 and Key Stage 5 students, therefore advanced subject knowledge, experience delivering Business Studies at A-Level and engaging lessons are essential. Qualifications and experience required: Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) Experience of teaching Business Studies at KS4 and KS5 Enhanced DBS disclosure (we can help you acquire this if necessary) A PGCE (or similar teaching qualification) in Business or Economics Delivering excellent results at GCSE and A-LevelWhat's in it for you? As part of the Teaching Force team you will benefit from: Competitive daily rates paid weekly through either PAYE or an Umbrella Company it's your choice A £50 reward for both you and your friend every time you recommend someone to us and they start work Access to free CPD courses, resources and learning materials online Dedicated consultant's available to offer advice, support and guidance throughout all of your placements A secure online portal where you can access timesheets, payslips and assignment information Full compliance with Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) to ensure you're receiving the pay and benefits you deserve Pension contributions (after a qualifying period)Apply online today to ensure you don't miss out on this amazing opportunity! For further information please email our recruitment team or call us on (Apply online only) for an informal chat.We're always looking for ways to make your job search easier - our newest addition is partnering with Supply Clouds! Supply Clouds is a free app that connects Schools, Agencies and Candidates like you in a more efficient way. Some of the schools and academies we work with are now advertising their vacancies exclusively within the app - so we don't want you to miss out! Teaching Force is a Midlands based education recruitment agency offering a refreshing approach to helping you in your career. Teaching Force is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance+ standards. Any appointment will be subject to an enhanced DBS check in addition to other safeguarding checks. Teaching Force is an equal opportunities employer "	"Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"115.00 Daily - 175.00 Daily £115 - £175/day Plus Statutory Holiday Pay GBP"	"Teaching Force"	"Teaching Force"	"JS209090065/604644299"	"13/12/2018 15:03:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqr"	NA
"Media Studies teacher"	"140.00 Daily - 190.00 Daily £140 - £190/day GBP"	"Redbridge, London"	"Contract"	"Media Studies teacher"	"Redbridge, London - 140.00 Daily - 190.00 Daily £140 - £190/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Media studies Teacher - Redbridge, LondonMedia studies Teacher - Redbridge, LondonMPS Outer LondonLong term position for January 2019 startAre you an experienced Media studies teacher? Would you like a long term position in an OfSTED rated 'Good' secondary school in East London with keen and hard-working pupils?Career Teachers are recruiting for a good secondary school in East London for a full time Media studies teacher to start in January 2019. Our school strives to provide quality education for children within the local area, delivering the foundations for their pupils' development towards GCSEs and A Levels. The school has a formidable reputation within the local community for providing a first class education. The School - Redbridge, LondonOur school caters for pupils aged 11 to 18 years. They provide quality teaching to children in the local area, producing exceptional results at GCSE and A-level. Due to a teacher relocating overseas the school are looking for an experienced Media studies teacher to join their very successful department. The successful candidate will have both experience of working with gifted and talented pupils and the ability to differentiate their lessons to ensure all pupils achieve above expectations. This is a large school with excellent career progression opportunities for the right candidate.Person Specification - Media studies Teacher - Redbridge, LondonThe successful Teacher will be proactive, engaging and inspiring; plan and prepare learning opportunities tailored to the individual needs of each child; assess individual learning needs and work on a group and class basis; maintain positive behaviour management strategies in line with school policies; through effective marking, monitor pupils' work and set targets for progress; assess and record pupils' progress systematically and keep records to check work is understood and completed, monitor strengths and weaknesses, inform planning and recognise the level at which the pupil is achieving; be committed to ensuring pupils make good sustained progress and encourage pupils to reach their full potential through engaging and stimulating teaching.Successful Applicants will be subject to references and an up to date DBS with update service or be willing to apply for a new DBS. About the Role - Media studies Teacher - Redbridge, LondonAs a Media studies Teacher at this school you will be leading classes in Key stage 4 and 5, supporting pupils working towards GCSEs and A-level examinations. This is a full time, long term Media studies Teacher role with competitive rates of pay, starting from £140, reflecting experience and workload. When you apply with Career Teachers, you get:. Competitive rates of pay. Professional support from our team of experienced consultants. Opportunities to progress your career. Ongoing career advice from a dedicated consultant. Free face to face CPD courses.Plus, recommend a friend who's looking for a new role and we'll thank you with £250 of Amazon vouchers for every teacher and £75 of Amazon vouchers for every teaching assistant who registers and works for 10 days.To find similar roles and register for more fantastic teaching opportunities, apply now or visit Career Teachers.At Career Teachers we are fully compliant with Agency Worker Regulations, ensuring you receive equal treatment for pay and conditions after a 12 week qualifying period. Please ask for further details.Important Notice: In order for you to be successful in applying for the above position you should be eligible to work in the UK, or hold a relevant work visa. Safeguarding, quality and integrity are at the heart of what we do. During the application process you are required to:- Attend an interview in person;- Give details for us to complete Reference checks;- Provide an Enhanced DBS disclosureWe are committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. We have a policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to reply to individual enquiries. If we have not contacted you within this specified time your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion, we encourage you to Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Business and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients "	"Redbridge, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"140.00 Daily - 190.00 Daily £140 - £190/day GBP"	"Career Teachers"	"Career Teachers"	"JS209104688/604642256"	"13/12/2018 15:03:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqf"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"130.00 Daily - 190.00 Daily £130 - £190/day GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Contract"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Birmingham - 130.00 Daily - 190.00 Daily £130 - £190/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies TeacherLocation: Birmingham, West MidlandsDuration: Fixed Contract - Maternity CoverSalary: Pay to scaleThe School:My client based in Birmingham is committed to the highest standards in everything they do. All their students should leave the academy as articulate, aspirational individuals equipped for the modern world and able to make a positive contribution to their community.They are committed to supporting British values of democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty, respect and tolerance.They are proud of their diverse community of students, staff and are committed to creating an environment where individuals flourish and are treated with dignity and respect.Our community represents over 60 minority ethnic groups with over 50 different home languages. A high proportion of their students (60%) come from disadvantaged backgrounds.The school is committed to equality and diversity and aim to ensure that:. Fairness and inclusion are fundamental to everything we do.. Diversity is valued and celebrated.. Good relationships between diverse groups are promoted.. Respect is at the heart of academy life.. All young people benefit from exceptional education opportunities.. All students and staff have an equal opportunity to achieve their potential.. Benefits to the local community we serve are maximised.The Role:Balfor recruitment are currently seeking a Qualified Business Teacher to teach Business Studies. You will be responsible for delivering and planning lessons to the national standard. This role is to start ASAP and will run till the end of the academic year. The position is for 5 days a week (Monday - Fri). You will need to hold QTS or NQT and have experience of teaching Business Studies to GCSE standard. The school are looking for a confident teacher with good communication and behaviour management.Requirements. Full Qualified Teacher Status (QTS). Recent relevant experience. Excellent planning and preparation ability. Available full time. Recent school based referencesBalfor Recruitment is an award winning recruiter to the public, private and non-profit sectors for temporary, contract and permanent staffing. With over 20 years of proven success within the recruitment industry we can provide specialist staff in the following areas:. SEN Teachers and Support Staff. Primary Teachers and Support Staff. Secondary Teachers and Support Staff. Nursery Nurses and Nursery Assistants. FE Lecturers. Note Takers. BSL Signers. Academic Support Workers and Dyslexia TutorsWhat you'll get in return:As well as an attractive and competitive daily rate, you will gain experience of working within a school and a good insight into the education sector. We're extremely proud to have been assisting schools in these areas for several years. You will also join our refer a friend scheme where you could be entitled to receive £200 in vouchers.What you need to do now:If you're interested in this role then click \"apply now\" to forward an up to date copy of your CV "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 Daily - 190.00 Daily £130 - £190/day GBP"	"Balfor Recruitment"	"Balfor Recruitment"	"JS209143055/604638590"	"13/12/2018 11:03:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBX"	NA
"Year 1 Teacher - Waltham Forest"	"140.00 Daily - 200.00 Daily £140 - £200/day GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Year 1 Teacher - Waltham Forest"	"United Kingdom - 140.00 Daily - 200.00 Daily £140 - £200/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Year 1 Teacher required for January 19 start in Waltham Forest.* Year 1 Teacher - Waltham Forest .* Year 1 Teacher - January '19 Start .* Year 1 Teacher - Full Time .* Year 1 Teacher - Main Pay Scale Are you an experienced Year Key Stage 1,Year 1 Teacher? Are you looking for a new role for January 2019? Would you be interested in working in a one form entry primary school based in the Chingford area? If you answered yes to the above then this Year 1 role is for you! The Post - Year 1 Teacher For this Year 1 teaching vacancy you will ideally have experience working with Year 1 or within Key Stage 1.We are looking for teachers with sound knowledge of the national curriculum and a passion for education. The School - One form entry Primary school Based in Chingford, this previously \"Outstanding\" Primary school is currently going through a period of change. With a recent overhaul of the schools management, the new Head teacher is looking to add a Year 1 Teacher to their hard working and committed faculty.Teaching, learning and pupil behavior are all good within the school. We are looking for a Year 1 teacher who is able to hit the ground running and make an immediate contribution to the team. For more information on this role click apply or contact John Richards at Qualiteach Ltd "	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"140.00 Daily - 200.00 Daily £140 - £200/day GBP"	"Qualiteach Ltd"	"Qualiteach Ltd"	"JS209124935/604640566"	"13/12/2018 11:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJA7"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher"	"£29,663 - £40,371 per annum"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Food Technology Teacher"	"London - £29,663 - £40,371 per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Food Technology Teacher for Exciting East London School.  Athona Education are keen to speak to Food Technology specialist teachers who are available for an exciting new teaching post from January onwards in East London. Food Technology Job/Vacancy£29,663 - £40,371 per annumRequired from January 2019MPS Inner LondonPermanent Post available. About the School looking for a Food Technology Teacher Required from January 2019: A hugely popular and successful school are seeking to appoint an outstanding and creative Foot Technology Teacher for a full time Food post in East London. About the School:  This is a mixed school which has a newly formed, but already successful sixth form. In its most recent inspection, Ofsted described the school as 'Outstanding' in every category, including the VI Form. The school was commended for its \"relentless pursuit of scholarship and excellence\". They are a National Teaching School and have an award winning school building which is conveniently situated in the heart of East London. About the Food Job/Vacancy This is an excellent career opportunity for a colleague who is passionate about the entitlement of young people to a rich and varied curriculum. You will be joining an incredibly hard-working and efficient team. Last year, the faculty celebrated record exam results and are hoping for much of the same again this year. This is a team committed to raising attainment and enhancing provision. Person Specification - Food Technology Teacher - East London Working with a vibrant and highly successful faculty, you will be an outstanding classroom teacher with a passionate commitment to the progress of all students in our fully comprehensive and heavily oversubscribed school. The successful candidate will have an unwavering belief in the potential of every student. You will do what it takes to ensure that students achieve their best, and will have the contagious enthusiasm for the subject which excites and motivates students. The post would be suitable for both an NQT and a more experienced teacher who would like to develop their skills and expertise in a well-resourced DT Faculty. When you apply with Athona Education, you will benefit from: Competitive rates of payProfessional support from our team of experienced consultantsOpportunities to progress your careerOngoing career advice from a dedicated consultant"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£29,663 - £40,371 per annum"	"Athona - The Education Recruitment Specialists"	"Athona - The Education Recruitment Specialists"	"JS3561_36686593/587226624"	"12/12/2018 09:04:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4IX"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher"	"170.00 - 220.00 per day"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Food Technology Teacher"	"London - 170.00 - 220.00 per day"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Food Technology TeacherDecember 2018 - July 2019West London More information: Our client is a fantastic school in West London with a good Ofsted rating. They not only excel academically but encourage extracurricular activity for all pupils as they prepare them for their adult life and their continuing excellence is testament to the enthusiasm and dedication of both students and staff. The quality of learning and teaching is at the centre of any school's success and both teachers and support staff work together to ensure that all pupils at the school have an appropriately challenging curriculum, matched to their ability and expertly delivered. Our client therefore has very high expectations of its teachers. Teaching classes at Key Stages 3 & 4, the successful Food Technology Teacher will also need to be able to teach Graphics at a similar level and you will need to have gained experience in similar UK schools. The successful candidate will be capable of demonstrating outstanding practice and be prepared to share their skill with all team members. There will be an expectation for the successful candidate to be inspirational to both staff and students by showing creative approaches to the delivery of the curriculum. You will have a proactive teaching style and be inspirational in the planning and delivery of your lessons. With strong classroom management skills you will be able to deliver engaging, dynamic and interesting lessons, be an exceptional communicator and have a track record of exceptional achievement, whether that is from previous positions or during training and qualification. Requirement: You will be qualified to teach in the UK holding QTS following your PGCE, SCITT, GTP or OTT. You will have a good degree in the subject area or a relevant subject. You will have a solid CV of teaching in the UK classroom to the UK curriculum. You will be an inspirational educator to plan and deliver exceptional lessons. You will be capable of demonstrating outstanding practice in your classroom. You will be prepared to be a part of the wider school community. Compliance: As usual, references will be required from at least your last 2 teaching positions and you will be required to have a current Enhanced DBS for this role. You will be required to undergo the usual safeguarding and compliance processes with iQ Education. iQ Education is a recruitment agency and business that works with schools and academies across London and the Home Counties helping them source and recruit excellent teachers and support staff for their temporary and permanent roles. We have been retained by our client to help them recruit for this position. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"170.00 - 220.00 per day"	"IQ EDUCATION"	"IQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36693644/587595618"	"12/12/2018 09:02:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Hd"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"45k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"RE Teacher"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - 45k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"RE Teacher required for January or February Half-Term Start at Ofsted 'Good' School in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire * Teacher of RE KS3 & KS4 * 'Good' School in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire * Maternity Contract * Supportive HOD * NQTs and Experienced Teachers Encouraged to Apply * January or February Half-Term Start Our client, an Ofsted 'Good' school based in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, are seeking to appoint a Teacher of RE for a maternity cover from January. They are happy to look at teachers available from February Half-Term too. The vacancy has occurred due a maternity leave. There may well be a permanent role for September 2019 but there is no guarantee yet. The school is located near to an over ground station with a fairly easy commute in to London. It is also situated close to nearby bus stations and has a fantastic public transport network. If you are a trainee teacher of RE or experienced RE teacher seeking a new opportunity either for January or February Half-Term, then please do get in contact. To apply for this role please send your CV to Dan Brown at Dunbar Education. "	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"45k Annual 00 GBP"	"DUNBAR EDUCATION RECRUITMENT LIMITED"	"DUNBAR EDUCATION RECRUITMENT LIMITED"	"JS3561_36565759/599801325"	"08/12/2018 09:05:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDZ9"	NA
"Business Teacher"	"+ £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Business Teacher"	"Southwark, London - + £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a qualified Business Teacher to join our supportive and talented team at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich.  We are looking for someone who will: Support the Faculty Director in continuing to deliver our vision of an outstanding, inclusive academy with the highest standards of teaching, learning and pupil progress. Contribute to raising standards of student attainment and to monitor the effectiveness of learning and teaching within the Faculty. The successful applicant will be resilient, creative and a dynamic practitioner, and must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant degree. You will be fully supported through a comprehensive Induction Programme both within and across the Harris Federation. For NQTs, we provide our highly successful Harris Federation NQT programme where you will train alongside other NQTs from across the Federation. This enables aspiring teachers to support and learn from each other, in the true collaborative spirit of Harris. There is a structure of support and challenge with customised professional learning, and every NQT has a professional mentor. Teachers with the Harris Federation receive a generous benefits package, including a Harris Allowance on top of MPS/UPS, performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich: Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich opened in September 2009 and is judged Outstanding by Ofsted. Our vision is clear: nothing is impossible and everything is possible, irrespective of personal characteristics or background. Every problem has a solution. We believe we are more robust, resilient and determined as a team than as a group of individuals. We support, challenge and hold each other to account at all levels within the academy to ensure that our students achieve their potential, are motivated, engaged and fully prepared for life beyond our academy. The academy's specialisms are Enterprise and Sport with a 'can-do' ethos of always improving upon your personal best. We have now reached our full capacity of 750 students across Years 7 to 11 and we work in partnership with Harris Federation Post 16. In 2017, we achieved a Progress 8 score of +0.73, which places us in the top 6% of schools nationally. Why work at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich? The number seven boys' comprehensive school for student progress, which has been in the top 6% for student progress every year for the past five years Judged 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, we combine the traditional values of discipline, respect and good behaviour with contemporary best practice in teaching, learning and technology A superb group of students, teachers and support staff, led by an exceptionally experienced and supportive leadership team Excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Generous Harris rewards and benefits For a full job description and person specification, please download the Applicant Pack at our website via the button below.  For more information, or to arrange a visit or a confidential discussion with the Principal, please contact the academy on . Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"JS3573_6822495/599154176"	"07/12/2018 09:09:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o1"	NA
"Lead Maths Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Lead Maths Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"* Lead Maths Teacher Vacancy * Fantastic Independent Secondary School in East London * Long term * Full-time An Independent Secondary school based in East London are seeking to appoint a dynamic, qualified Maths Teacher to lead the department. They are looking for someone who is able to plan and deliver engaging lessons across Key stage 3 and 4. This particular school is held in high regard by the local community and has a reputation for success and student attainment. This post would be suitable for experienced Teachers who have previously led a department Requirements: To teach Maths at Key stage 3 and 4Secure outstanding attainment and progress at all key stages.Provide extra-curricular support for pupils to ensure outstanding achievement and progress for exam groups and promote enjoyment and participation in the subject for non-exam groups. Show flexibility, innovation and intelligence in responding to the needs of the pupils and Academy as a whole.The ideal candidate will have: A recognised teaching qualificationA current DBSA confident and friendly approachA strong background in MathsExperience in leading a departmentActive Recruitment LTD is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All applicants are subject to a satisfactory enhanced check by the Disclosure and Barring Service (previously the Criminal Records Bureau) and at least two independent references. We are an Equal Opportunities employer. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36497783/596926571"	"07/12/2018 09:07:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2m5"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher Wanted: Are you a talented Teacher looking for an exciting new challenge from January 2019? Would you love to become Business Studies Teacher at an amazing School with Sixth Form in Hemel Hempstead that offer unrivalled professional development, support from SLT and where students love the subject? Well, Educatus Recruitment might have the perfect post for you starting January 2019! @ Business Studies Teacher @ NQTs Welcome @ Creative Faculty @ Permanent Post, January 2019 Start @ MPS/UPS £25,000 - £42,000 @ Thriving location in Hemel Hempstead @ Inspirational SLT @ Excellent Career Development Available @ KS5 Business Studies Popular A talented Business Studies Teacher is required at a top school in Hemel Hempstead, one that is going through some exciting developments and expanding, Interested? They are searching for a creative Business Studies Teacher who can inspire students and support a strong department. Can you help? THE SCHOOL: Located in Hemel Hempstead this thriving secondary school & sixth form is a popular choice for parents. Business Studies is a thriving department with excellent resources and facilities and recently the school has seen fantastic progression in results thanks to some innovative teaching & learning. The school has a first class CPD programme for those teachers who really wish to excel, and leadership eagerly promote within those who show ambition. THEY ARE LOOKING FOR: From January 2019 they are keen to secure an outstanding Business Studies Teacher. Ideally, they would like to recruit a dynamic teacher with excellent potential to grow within the school, a Business Studies Teacher who can make a strong impact on this successful department. With big expansion plans afoot, the school would welcome a Business Studies Teacher who is committed to providing a passionate and innovative approach to this department, and with plenty of KS5 teaching on offer, this is a great opportunity for someone to make an impact. THEY CAN OFFER: As Business Studies Teacher this school will give the successful candidate full autonomy within the department to be as creative and innovative with regards to teaching & learning. This role comes at an exciting time for the school as they look to grow and expand and SLT will give the successful candidate access to some excellent professional development. So, if you'd like to become Business Studies Teacher at this thriving Hemel Hempstead school, get in touch with Educatus Recruitment ASAP. HOW TO APPLY: If you're a truly outstanding Business Studies Teacher in the making, and you'd like to be considered for this Business Studies Teacher post in Hemel Hempstead get in touch ASAP. Email a CV & Covering letter to Nigel Horne at Educatus Recruitment today. "	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"JS3561_36778516/599121669"	"07/12/2018 09:05:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lU"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Sevenoaks, Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Sevenoaks, Kent - 35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher in Sevenoaks, KentRikama Education are currently looking for a Business Studies Teacher to work in Sevenoaks on a permanent basis from January/February 2019 your day to day duties will include: Classroom management Compiling and updating individual learning plans for students Teaching Business Studies to KS3, KS4.KS5, GCSE, A-Level, BTEC Marking and planning for all lessons Lead a strong and supportive team Maintaining and improving the academic results of their studentsTo be considered for this exciting Business Studies Teacher role, you will need the following experience: Hold qualified teaching status -QTS Have previous experience teaching the UK curriculum Have strong classroom management skills Have strong knowledge of the KS3, KS4 and KS5 curriculum Must work well with staff and pupils alike Experience teaching Business Studies up to BTEC Or A LevelOur client is looking for a Business Studies Teacher to join a busy team to support and develop students.They are a creative school where all students flourish and make exceptional progress resulting in an Very Good' ofsted report. The staff are dedicated and passionate to inspire the students to be the best they can be. The school helps students develop a range of transferable skills such as teamwork, leadership, independence, communication, and time management. The SLT team within the school is supportive of the staff and operates an open-door' policy, looking to staff to contribute towards ideas.If you are interested in applying to this Business Studies opportunity, please click apply now below "	"Sevenoaks, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Rikama Education Ltd"	"Rikama Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36314543/598331950"	"07/12/2018 09:05:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lR"	NA
"Dynamic Class Teacher"	"664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Dynamic Class Teacher"	"London - 664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Dynamic Class Teacher *January 2019 *Permanent contract *Wandsworth  Do you have the skills to teach the next generation?  We are working with a dynamic and thriving primary school that has a creative approach to education.  Are you an experienced teacher with a proven record of raising achievement?   Are you a NQT with a passion for teaching and learning?   Do you feel you can make a significant contribution to this school's on-going success?  We are looking for a dynamic class teacher to join this school's ever increasing team. The successful dynamic class teacher will:  Be innovative and creative in their teaching strategies Be open to work collaboratively Recognise the varying needs of the children The school can offer:  A caring and supportive whole school communityA supportive, warm and welcoming atmosphereHappy, enthusiastic and well behaved childrenA commitment to your on-going professional development We welcome applications from prospective dynamic class teachers. To express your interest, please contact Nurani by emailing  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36546717/598325801"	"07/12/2018 09:05:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lB"	NA
"NQT - Secondary Teacher - Outstanding School - North London"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"NQT - Secondary Teacher - Outstanding School - North London"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"NQT Secondary Teacher - Enfield  Are you looking to relocate to London in September 2019 and would like to secure a role before Christmas? We are recruiting for an extraordinary expanding secondary school that are seeking NQT Teachers in all subjects!  *NQT Teacher position in North London*Excellent CPD/weekly coaching*Position starting in September 2019!*Competitive salary + Benefits The School- Outstanding in all features!- History of supporting NQTs through induction and RQT year- Excellent behaviour policy- CPD, weekly coaching and fast progression into management  The NQT Role- Successful School, great GCSE and A-Level results- Opportunities to assist A-Level classes to prepare you for sixth form teaching- Lots of extra-curricular! Have a passion for something? Create your own club! The Ideal NQT- Desire to be an outstanding teacher- Keen to go the extra mile for both pupils and colleagues - A desire to contribute to extra-curricular with your own club!- Passion for high standards of education If you are looking for an exciting, trend-setting secondary school in Enfield where you can hone your teaching skills and move your career in the right direction, this Science Teacher NQT post is the position you have been waiting for. Click 'Apply now' to send your CV to Sophie Kelly at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36783233/599522291"	"07/12/2018 09:04:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kw"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Food Technology Teacher Janaury or ASAP Start! Academics is searching for a Food Technology Teacher required to start ASAP at a secondary school based in North London. The role will be start ASAP or in January 2019 What we need from you Qualified teacher Status (QTS) or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationBe passionate and energeticNQTs are welcome to applyA valid DBSThe right to work in the UKApply Today! Call Ben Email  "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36777474/599120063"	"07/12/2018 07:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Fp"	NA
"Science Teacher (Biology) required - Ellesmere Port"	"GBP"	"Ellesmere Port, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher (Biology) required - Ellesmere Port"	"Ellesmere Port, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an Science (Biology) trained teacher looking for full time work?Teaching Personnel are working on behalf of a secondary school in Ellesmere Port who have a need for a Biology Teacher on a long term basis for Maternity Cover from January.You'll be required to start in January when the school returns from the Christmas break, working full time within the schools Science department. The timetable consists of KS3 and GCSE Science teaching, previous experience is required for any interested applicants. You may on occasion be asked to cover other lessons within the department; planning and set work will be provided along with the department's full support.The role:- KS3/4 Science teacher, full time position- Supportive department with excellent facilities- Allocated PPA/Planning time- Long term supply position for maternity cover, salary negotiable (dependant on experience)- School situated in Ellesmere Port- The school is easy accessible and has close public transport linksThe school is a \"good\" co educational secondary school with a sixth form. Due to facilities and core subject status, Science is a subject with good pupil interest, the school are happy to consider all experience levels from interested Biology teachers, full support provided for newly qualified teachers.If you are looking for an Science position in January or for more information on this role or any other positions we have available please contact Danielle on For immediate consideration apply for this excellent teaching opportunity here: All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS4BB27BC5/599779229"	"12/12/2018 09:18:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4UJ"	NA
"ICT Teacher - 3 days a week"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"ICT Teacher - 3 days a week"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for an ICT teacher to teach within a high-achieving all-girls school on a part-time basis (3 days a week) from January 2019. This is a part-time post teaching ICT across key stages 3 & 4 until the end of the academic year in the first instance. The school has a longstanding history of academic excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to an Outstanding Ofsted report. This school has an extremely prestigious reputation and is an excellent place to work both in terms of students and staff members. To be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an outstanding all-girls school based in the heart of London. The school has an academic history of excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to state of the art facilities. This over-subscribed school has four applicants for ever space available and boasts a brilliant reputation within the local community. All in all this is an excellent school to work within both in terms of students and staff members.The School was judged to be 'outstanding' by OFSTED in March 2009 and November 2005. We are proud of our ethos of continual self-improvement, which characterises every aspect of our rich and culturally diverse school. In 2012 the school was named amongst the top 100 non-selective schools, in recognition of excellent attainment and progress of our students at KS4. In March 2008 the school was designated a High Performing Specialist School and our Training School initiative was launched in September 2008, building on our passion for excellent teaching and learning as well as our commitment to our language specialism and international ethos.Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.SalaryMPS/UPSApplicationTo be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible. "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS92E7846D/599178653"	"07/12/2018 07:06:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2JA"	NA
"KS1 teacher - ASAP start - £140 per day"	"140.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 teacher - ASAP start - £140 per day"	"London - 140.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"A Lambeth based Primary School is seeking to appoint an experienced and motivated KS1 teacher who will be an enthusiastic and committed member of the school community. This Primary school is dedicated to motivation, inspiration and excellence. the school is a happy, thriving and successful school with a positive, caring and imaginative learning environment that gives our children the very best start in life. What the school offers: Exciting opportunities and developmentA forward thinking academic curriculum, with an emphasis on pupils developing natural talents and enquiring mindsChildren who are eager to learn, confident and enthusiasticStaff who are fully committed to making a differenceDedicated PPA time with CPD opportunitiesSuperb resources in excellent facilitiesThe successful candidate will be: An enthusiastic and consistently strong practitioner with a sound knowledge and understanding of primary educationAn innovative and effective classroom practitioner who is passionate about learning and teachingAn effective communicator with parents and colleagues Highly motivated and able to motivate othersAPPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"140.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36721119/590368998"	"12/12/2018 09:04:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4If"	NA
"English Teacher Required For A Good School In Dorking"	"GBP"	"Dorking, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"English Teacher Required For A Good School In Dorking"	"Dorking, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description An Ofsted 'Good' School in the Dorking area require a full time English Teacher to join there already successful team. The role will include planning and preparation and you would be required to teach across KS3-KS4, with the potential of having to teach at KS5 as well. The school are looking for someone to start ASAP - all applications are welcome. Our mission: educating for life in all its fullnessAt our School we strive to inspire, guide and support every member of our community towards being the best person they can be. We challenge ourselves daily to improve who we are and what we do, acknowledging that we will need to work hard together to achieve this. We are committed to creating a happy, secure and purposeful school environment in which everyone can develop and grow intellectually, academically, socially and spiritually. We want to enrich the lives of all members of our school by providing a wealth of stimulating opportunities that allow us to flourish through our levels of confidence, self-belief and self-worth so that we are fully equipped to deal practically and emotionally with whatever our future holds, both in school and beyond its gates.Requirements:Relevant Teaching QualificationExperience teaching English from KS3-KS4, KS5 desirableHigh expectations for all students and a willingness to help them succeedEffective team working to support all teachers, support staff and outside agenciesWhat Teaching Personnel can offer:Excellent pay ratesWeekly payDedicated consultantCPD development and trainingCash rewards for referralsIf you feel you are suited for the above role then please call me today to discuss this further- Matthew Handcock  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and welfare of children. All candidates applying to jobs through Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure via DBS-Full assistance provided (AGY) All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Dorking, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSFEEB84D1/600698628"	"09/12/2018 13:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT3H"	NA
"Reception teacher to start from January"	"130.00 Daily - 160.00 Daily £130 - £160/day GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Contract"	"Reception teacher to start from January"	"Ealing, London - 130.00 Daily - 160.00 Daily £130 - £160/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"I have a lovely 3 form entry school in Ealing, rated as 'Good' (ofsted) looking for a Reception teacher to join them from January 2019Its a creative school, very friendly and vibrant. This school is very hands on from its early years right up to Juniors. Its very supportive. Open to Newly qualified teachers.Great transport links and car park facilities for staffI am looking for a candidate who: Is a good/outstanding classroom practitioner with a love of teaching and an enthusiasm for ensuring that every child achieves their full potential. Is passionate about children's learning and can demonstrate the characteristics that are required to raise pupil attainment and accelerate their progress. Has the drive and ambition to go the extra mile to make great things happen for the children  Is caring, approachable and will have a commitment to working in partnership with parents and the local community. Is enthusiastic and would work well as part of a teamA fully enhanced DBS check that is on the update serviceFor further questions please drop me an email on (url removed) or call me of "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 Daily - 160.00 Daily £130 - £160/day GBP"	"Protocol Education"	"Protocol Education"	"JS209093231/604643731"	"13/12/2018 15:04:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKrA"	NA
"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019"	"110.00 Daily - 170.00 Daily £110 - £170/day GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019"	"Birmingham - 110.00 Daily - 170.00 Daily £110 - £170/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"MFL - French Language Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!Are you looking for a position to start in January 2019?Academics Ltd (one of the top 10 education Agencies nationwide) is supporting a 'good' secondary school in Birmingham with recruiting enthusiastic French teachers. We are looking for qualified & experienced French teachers to fill these positions urgently. This position requires organisation and confidence when working day to day, on a short term basis and long term roles.If you are a graduate who is also looking to get into teaching, this would be a great opportunity to gain some work experience in a mainstream secondary environment. It would also be good to see if teaching is the right career for you. The school itself is well known and would offer great support for new employees when working there. This is a brilliant opportunity to experience a secondary education setting. You will be looking to be teaching French to a KS3 & 4.Job Role. Supervising young people in KS3 & KS4 in the classroom. Registrations. Lead French classes when the teacher is not present. Responding to student queries about the work set. Dealing with any student emergencies (in accordance to the school policy) that may occur. Developing and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning Job Requirements. Reliability and flexibility. Excellent time-management. Leadership skills. Valid DBS. A French degree or in a relevant subject. Qualification (QTS/PGCE) is desirable. Available to start in January 2019. Be able to travel around Birmingham. At least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolWe are expecting our staff to work between 3-5 days a week on a competitive rate of salary.All candidates are welcome for this role. It involves varied work which could be very rewarding as you would be working with the younger generation and helping them achieve their very best.This may be your perfect opportunity you.Please send your CV OR CALL for an immediate interview "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 Daily - 170.00 Daily £110 - £170/day GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS209126861/604640421"	"13/12/2018 11:02:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBC"	"Graduate"
"Business & Economics Teacher Job"	"145.00 - 200.00 per day GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Contract"	"Business & Economics Teacher Job"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 145.00 - 200.00 per day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies & Economics Teacher | January Start | North London - Enfield * Judged by Ofsted to be an 'Good' School * Main or Upper Pay Scale - Inner London * Fantastic Leadership Team, and outstanding CPD opportunities An inspiring Business Studies & Economics Teacher is required at an outstanding secondary school in North London. \"A dynamic school where students make outstanding progress academically and reach high standards\". Ofsted! Veritas Education are looking to appoint a Business & Economics Teacher to A-Level for a highly organised and high-achieving school in,Enfield North London.This is an outstanding mixed secondary school with sixth form located in North London with easy transport links. From September, they are looking to appoint an experienced or outstanding Newly Qualified Teacher Business Studies and Economics. Over the past 5 years this school has grown within the LEA and constantly been one of the highest achieving schools in the Borough. Last year the school was proud to announce the best academic year ever, when 68% of the students received A*-C GCSE graded in Maths and English. If you're interested in working for this school you will need to be * Able to teach Business Studies and Economics to KS3, KS4 & KS5.* An good to outstanding teacher in this subject * Have a passionate belief in the school's mission statement * Be highly organised, ICT literate and have excellent communication and motivational skills to engage young people and be prepared to deliver after school intervention exam preparation. In return you will join a school that is: * Passionate about its mission of 'Promoting a culture of educational excellence, from within a caring and secure environment * Has a supportive ethos & concern for the well-being of all members of learning community * Has high ambitions for all and provides excellent opportunities for professional development * Is well-ordered with high standards of commitment from students, staff and parents and the school has a dynamic * Engaging and highly talented workforce of diverse backgrounds. The school also offers an excellent induction programme within a friendly and supportive environment, and they are committed to high quality professional development and continuous improvement in teaching and learning.  APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"145.00 - 200.00 per day GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36673818/587193997"	"13/12/2018 09:03:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIEN"	NA
"History teacher - Twickenham £150 - £200 a day"	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"History teacher - Twickenham £150 - £200 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Location: Twickenham Salary: £120-£225 per day Job Type: Full Time, Long Term Subject: History Start date: January 2019 Are you a qualified History Teacher looking for a new opportunity? Teaching Personnel are seeking an established History teacher who is looking for a great career opportunity with a chance to excel within an excellent Humanities department. The College offer an exceptional support network for the suitable candidate. Can you deliver History to students that have a strong interest in learning? We are looking for a Geography teacher with experience of teaching the full age range from KS3-KS5 to start in January 2019. You will be joining a thriving Humanities department, where students all achieve high results at GCSE. The successful candidate will have the ability to teach Geography across the full age range, preferably including AS and A Level. You will be passionate about your subject with excellent curriculum knowledge and able to motivate and inspire your pupils. If you are a proactive and enthusiastic History teacherlooking for a new role in the new academic year, please forward your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel today for consideration.  The suitable candidate will have the following skills;  Be able to inspire and motivateKeen to progress and developHave excellent subject knowledgeExcellent team playerProvide new and innovative ideas for the facultyMinimum of 1 years' experienceLocation: Twickenham Salary: £120-£225 per day Job Type: Full Time, Long Term Subject: History Start date: January 2019 All candidates must possess a recognised Teaching Qualification (PGCE, QTS, BEd. or equivalent). All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36518185/596908116"	"13/12/2018 07:02:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHku"	NA
"Maths Teacher- Temp to Perm- Hillingdon"	"500.00 - 33.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Ruislip, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher- Temp to Perm- Hillingdon"	"Ruislip, Middlesex - 500.00 - 33.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"The school has a long standing history of excellence and pupils are keen to learn which makes teaching for any teacher a dream at this school. The school has large parking facilities for you and teachers tend to arrive at this school for 8.20am. To be considered for this role:- Qualified teacher status gained by PGCE, GTP or schools direct. UK Naric converted qualifications are all accepted.- Previous experience working within a secondary school environment based in the UK will also be necessary for this role.The key benefits of working with Simply Education are:- Your own personal consultants that will help support you throughout your placement.-Competitive pay rates (Pay can be negotiated depending on experience)-Access to online lesson resources-CPD courses that are conducted by our Educational development managers who - are X educational professionals.-In school support and access to mentors to help you with advice, or guidance. You are never alone.All successful candidates will be required to undergo relevant safeguarding checks including full applications form and an enhanced DBS with a barred list where appropriate. "	"Ruislip, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"500.00 - 33.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Simply Education Ltd"	"Simply Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36794452/600488943"	"10/12/2018 07:03:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgD5"	NA
"Sheffield Teacher (Talent Pool)"	"GBP"	"Sheffield"	"Permanent"	"Sheffield Teacher (Talent Pool)"	"Sheffield - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are recruiting!The Supply Register is the modern way of working for modern supply teachers and support staff.Do you want to be the first to see jobs? Be able to accept/reject job? Manage your own availability? Have all your compliance and admin in one place? Our web based technology platform can do that for you, leaving you free time to do other things you want to do.We will build you a free profile, which holds all your compliance documents, timesheets and bookings in one place. This can be accessed via desktop or mobile at your convenience. Then you are free to accept/reject jobs, be the first to know about jobs, build direct relationships with schools, update your availability day-by-day and receive a better rate of pay.We are currently working with a Primary Academy Trust in the Sheffield area who are seeking to build a bank of good to outstanding qualified Teachers. NQT's will also be considered. The ideal candidate will: . Be a qualified primary teacher with a record of delivering good and outstanding lessons across KS1 and/or KS2 (NQT's will also be considered) . Have evidence of supporting students to make or exceed expected progress.. Have an excellent record of forging positive relationships with students to encourage learning. Have a resilient character and a strong personal drive. Have an exemplary attendance record The Role: . To deliver outstanding teaching and learning to help students achieve their best across KS1 and/or KS2. The ability to design engaging and fun lessons that inspire students Key Responsibilities:. To ensure that students are safe and provided with an environment that allows them to take risks in their learning and become lifelong learners. To plan, resource and deliver challenging, varied and differentiated lessons. To help to establish and maintain exemplary student behaviour for learning. To contribute to the effective working of the wider school. To meet all aspects of the Professional Teaching Standards Qualification Criteria:. QTS/NQT. 6 or more weeks recent classroom experience. Eligibility to work in the UK. Holds an enhanced DBS on the update service If you're interested in the positions and would like to join The Supply Register free of charge please click apply or call the office for further infromation.  "	"Sheffield, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"The Supply Register Ltd"	"The Supply Register Ltd"	"JS2DD9468C/599779253"	"08/12/2018 11:06:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDiP"	NA
"Hampshire Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Hampshire Science Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher required in Emsworth - January start or soonerAn opportunity for a Fully Qualified Teacher of Science has arisen in a Hampshire School near to Emsworth. The position is temporary with the view to become permanent for the right candidate. This is a full time position although the school are willing to consider a role share. Applicants should have the ability to teach the Sciences up to a GCSE level across a wide range of mixed ability classes.In its most recent Ofsted, the school retained its \"Good\" status with particular praise for its staffs attention on attainment and focus within all lessons, and their ability to keep students engaged and on task. The school is a Local Education Authority School with students from a range of backgrounds and beliefs. The school consistently provides excellent opportunities within its curriculum, drawing on experiences from previous years and allowing staff to be innovative and creative within their planning and delivery. With strong focus on progress and attainment scores, the school is committed to bridging the gap in its core subjects.The role is within a well resourced department who strive for excellence. With its modern facilities, teachers can deliver lessons that capture pupils attention and allow them to explore science in great depth. The department boasts teachers from varying backgrounds and levels of experience and are encouraged to collaborate to create the best learning environments and lessons for its students.The ideal candidate will be;A fully Qualified Teacher with UK QTS or equivalentPassionate about the SciencesAble to teach Chemistry, Biology and Physics up to GCSE, ideally with specialism in one subjectAble to bring innovative and creative ideas to the roleA positive role model for staff and studentsWilling to work cohesively to plan lessonsAble to provide excellent feedback verbally and written to pupilsTeaching Personnel can offer;Weekly pay on a PAYE basisAccess to discounted CPD to continue to develop your careerGreat exposure to schools in your areaInterview and trial preparationDedicated education consultant specialising in your areaFlexible working hours and conditionsIf you are interested in the role or others we have in Hampshire, please click \"Apply\" to upload your CV, or contact Kate at Teaching Personnel: All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSB6B9853F/599159989"	"07/12/2018 09:10:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2pV"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media Studies Teacher - EnfieldEngage Education are recruiting for an enthusiastic, dynamic Media Studies teacher to take up a role in Enfield. This particular secondary school is seeking to secure a Media Studies teacher to join their successful team. This role will start as long-term with the opportunity to go permanent.With a warm and welcoming atmosphere, teachers thrive in the school. All staff joining the school are enrolled in the schools induction program with support tailored to meet individual needs. Staff are given opportunities to develop professionally and where vacancies arise, promote internally based on performance.As an Ofsted rated 'Good' school with a good reputation in the local community, the successful applicants will be joining a hard-working and supportive team.SLT at the school believes that teachers provide students with the tools to fulfil and extend their potential. As such, the school has excellent values which are at the heart of everything they do. The principal is looking to appoint an inspiring and dynamic Media Teacher with high standards.Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We:Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication ProcessDo you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly onAll applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification.If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job in education.Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Engage Education"	"Engage Education"	"JSAD73853A/586922294"	"12/12/2018 09:14:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4R6"	NA
"RE Teacher Hampshire"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher Hampshire"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description RE Teacher in EmsworthAre you a passionate RE teacher looking for your next role?A school just outside of Emsworth in Hampshire are looking for a full time RE teacher to join them on a temporary basis. This is a fantastic opportunity to expand your teaching experience in a large Academy School where the humanities department is in high demand due to its growing popularity. The School is set in large grounds with fantastic facilities for its pupils and staff. Opportunities at the school are vast and range from overseas educational trips to leadership training opportunities for pupils. Staff are highly encourage to collaborate across departments and across partnership academy schools in order to achieve the best outcomes through sharing best teaching practise. With a diverse background of students, RE is a subject that can produce many educational discussions drawing on past experiences of pupils and their home lives. RE is growing in popularity and candidates should have great subject knowledge and be willing to teach up to a GCSE level.Applicants must hold UK QTS or equivalentApplicants must be passionate about their subjectAll applicants need to have and enhanced DBS certificate on the update serviceApplicants should have undertaken recent safeguarding training or be willing to do soIf you are interested in this role or wish to hear more about Teaching Personnel, please send your CV by clicking \"apply\" or send your CV All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSCACE4C56/599779438"	"11/12/2018 09:18:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmsyY"	NA
"EYFS Lead Teacher - Haringey"	"GBP"	"Haringey, London"	"Permanent"	"EYFS Lead Teacher - Haringey"	"Haringey, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description EYFS Lead TeacherAre you an ambitious and experienced early years teacher looking for the next step in your career?A successful primary school situated in the inner London Borough of Haringey is seeking to appoint a Reception teacher to take on a senior leadership position as EYFS Phase Leader from January 2019.Position Details:This is a class based position teaching a lovely Reception class however generous out of class planning and management time will be offered as well as a TLR. The Headteacher is looking to appoint an ambitious early years teacher with prior EYFS teaching experience.School Details:This is a well-established and high achieving primary school which has recently undergone refurbishment and facility upgrades to allow teachers to use all means necessary to deliver the highest quality of learning. Graded as 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, the staff team are committed and dedicated to progressing and developing this school even further. The school can offer:Opportunities and support for professional and personal development alongside a TLRA lively, exciting and creative environmentA great team of dedicated and committed staffRequirements:The successful candidate for this class based EYFS phase leader role will be an individual with clear passion for teaching and confidence in their abilities as a teacher and a leader. They will have a proven track record for delivering 'good' lessons within early years.We are looking for:A knowledgeable early years class teacher who will contribute to raising achievement and attainmentAn organised and inspirational EYFS teacher and leader, who can motivate pupils and staffExtensive EYFS teaching experienceThe school is very proud of the reputation it has built up within the local community for being a welcoming, friendly and fun school while maintaining teaching standards. The Headteacher is seeking to appoint a candidate who mirrors this ethos and has the ambition to participate actively in the further growth and development of the school.If you have the skills and experience listed above please don't delay in sending through your CV to Ruby at REESON Education. "	"Haringey, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSED66B9AF/599779451"	"08/12/2018 09:06:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDaf"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Qualified Media Studies Teacher Birmingham January 2019£110 - 160 per day Dependent on experience Aspire People are currently looking to recruit a strong academic Media Studies teacher for a outstanding secondary school in Birmingham. All applicants must have UK QTS (Qualified Teachers Status) or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. This is a long term, full time role starting in January 2019 It is a fantastic opportunity for a proficient Media teacher to join a highly professional, dedicated and supportive team. The school is looking for a strong Media Studies specialist with excellent subject knowledge, willingness to learn and a good track record of high achievement. The successful applicant will be expected to teach Media Studies from KS3 to KS5. The school is happy to receive applications from newly qualified teachers as well as from teachers with more experience. Overseas trained teachers are also welcome to apply to this post As the successful candidate, you can expect to work in an atmosphere of mutual support and co-operation, excellent professional development and promotion opportunities. For more information about this position or to apply online, please visit our website or get in touch with Jade on Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Disclosure and Barring Checks. "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Aspire People Limited"	"Aspire People Limited"	"JSC1F235C1/600698746"	"12/12/2018 09:18:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4UH"	NA
"Year 5 Teacher"	"GBP"	"Newham, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Teacher"	"Newham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Year 5 Primary Teacher - Newham - January StartAcademics are currently seeking a year 5 primary school teacher in the East London Borough of Newham. This is for a maternity cover in January for 2 terms. We are looking for an experienced key stage 2 primary teacher who is looking for a long term role. This is a good East London school with behaviour and safety of pupils rated \"Good\" by Ofsted. The daily rate will be £145+ based on experience.Year 5 Primary TeacherJanuary StartMaternity Cover (2 Terms)Newham, East London£145+ Daily Rate Based on ExperienceEducation and TrainingAre you an experienced key stage 2 primary teacher?Are you looking for a temporary position starting in January in East London?Year 5 Primary Teacher - About the RoleThis is maternity cover for a year 5 primary teacher to start in January for 2 terms. The students in this class are a joy to teach and are very warm and friendly. The primary school's members of staff are all very positive and hard working. The headteacher is looking for someone who will match the schools ethos. The daily rate will be £145+ based on experience.Year 5 Primary Teacher - Ideal CandidateAcademics are looking for an experienced key stage 2 primary school teacher to step into this year 5 class to ensure a seamless transition for the students. You will be required to start in January and be able to cover for 2 terms. You will need to possess a positive attitude and have a hard working mentality. Someone who is results focused while still being able to adapt to the specific needs of individual students. Previous year 5 experience is an advantage however not a necessity.About the Primary SchoolThis is a good primary school in the East London Borough of Newham. The school is next to a tube station with local buses running also. The primary school has been rated \"Good\" by Ofsted with Outstanding mentioned in regards to the behaviour and safety of the students. The schools headteacher is extremely hard working and supports all members of staff to help ensure that the faculty have all the tools at their disposal to deliver good lesson and gain good results.If you are interested in applying for this position call on . "	"Newham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSDBDF90C4/601396754"	"10/12/2018 07:10:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJq"	NA
"Primary School Teacher - Year 4 - West Drayton - Part time, 2 days a w"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Primary School Teacher - Year 4 - West Drayton - Part time, 2 days a w"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Primary School Teacher who is looking for some part-time work in the West Drayton area?If yes, this job could be a fantastic opportunity for you.We are looking for a candidate who has experience in primary teaching, preferably already for year 4 students, although this is merely desirable.The roles start date is in January 2019 and will be contracted until July 2019, with a potential to extend permanently.The ideal candidate will:* Have experience teaching in KS1, KS2* Hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) or equivalent* Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team* Have a passion for teaching with the ability to plan and deliver inspiring lessonsIf your up for the challenge then hit the APPLY NOW button "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Futureactive"	"Futureactive"	"JS209103238/604642367"	"13/12/2018 15:04:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKq8"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire - 110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Business Studies Teacher, looking to take on a new challenge for January?A vibrant secondary school and sixth form located in Nottingham are looking to appoint a Business Studies teacher from January 2019, there may also be the possibility of a permanent contract.Our client is driven by their focus on the importance of trust, respect, and support. The school challenges to maximise the life chances of their students and raise the quality of outcomes for all members of the school community.This is a relatively large Nottingham school, and this is evident with the calm, atmosphere throughout the school. This academy is one where both staff and pupils can flourish within a supportive, aspirational and focused environment. This school gives you the opportunity to work in a culturally and ethnically vibrant academy, working alongside some absolutely exceptional and inspirational young students. Key Requirements for this role:-A teacher with strong experience, within an inner city school-Passion for teaching children -Helping young adults achieve their potential-Overseas candidates welcome to apply-Suitable candidates must:*Have QTS or QTLS*Accept and follow the schools Aims, Ethos, and Values*Be Able to commit to the school day of; 8.30am - 4pm*Be Able to commit to the school until the end of the academic year*Have two recent teaching references*Attend parent's evenings, staff meetings, etc.By working with Tradewind, we can offer you:*We attract top education talent and in return offer top rates of pay*We care about your training and development more than any other agency - which is why we can offer you more certified CPD courses than any other education recruitment agency, 25 to be exact! That's 18 more than our next nearest competitor*Great referral scheme - recommend a friend and earn up to.£100*Full interview preparation and assistance - so you're fully prepped and confident, increasing your chances of success*Help with lesson planning - our support doesn't stop once we've secured you a placement*Online Portal for your timesheets and log your availability*Free social and networking events to get to know your peers and consultantsTo join us and be successful in this Business Studies you will need to: *Hold QTS status or equivalent teaching qualification *This position is subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks *Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and any employment breaks must be explained *You must have the legal right to work in the UK Click 'Apply' to be considered for this great position as Business Studies Teacher, Nottingham. Or for more information about the role, contact Ben Thornhill on or We look forward to hearing from you and helping take you on the next step of your teaching career."	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"JS3561_36594332/603557034"	"12/12/2018 09:04:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Is"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Corby, Northamptonshire"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Corby, Northamptonshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description JOB TITLE: Teacher of RELOCATION: CorbySALARY: to be discussed at Interview START DATE: January 2019THE ROLE DESCRIPTION Mana Education is working with a school in Corby to help them find a teacher of Religious Education This is a full time, permanent position commencing from January 2019 The ideal candidate will be an inspiring teacher committed to the progress of all pupils. The school are committed to delivering to an exceptional standard. THE SCHOOL This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to become part of a single site school which is endowed with superb facilities. The school has access to sports facilities, multiple computer suits, holds specialisms in IT Sport, technology and the Platinum Artsmark, they offer high quality programmes for CPD and Leadership development to support practitioners to deliver high quality teaching and learning. If you are interested in this role please send your CV to or phone .ABOUT US: Mana Education is a specialist recruitment company working within Education. We are established to service and support the recruitment requirements of all schools and teaching staff alike. The benefits of working through Mana Education are: * Excellent rates of pay * Paid weekly * Local schools * Warm and friendly service * Tailored job finding service - we listen to your needs * Your own dedicated education specialist on hand 24/7 * Local knowledge * Access to free CPD * £100 Recommend a Friend Scheme We work with a variety of Schools ranging from Independent Schools, through to mainstream schools and Academies.Opportunities we can offer include day to day, long term and permanent positions, full and part-time.Mana Education is a member of the REC (Recruitment Employment Federation) ensuring that candidates (and clients) needs are professional met at all times. Mana Education is committed to enforcing the AWR (Agency Workers Regulations) to ensure our Teachers are paid correctly. Mana Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable people. All assignments are subject to our strict vetting process which includes the Enhanced DBS Check, List 99 checks, Overseas Police Check (if required) and Professional References. "	"Corby, Northamptonshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Mana Resourcing Ltd"	"Mana Resourcing Ltd"	"JSB1B93F03/600698493"	"10/12/2018 07:09:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJH"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher, Wirral"	"100.00 - 135.00 Annual GBP"	"Wirral, Merseyside"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher, Wirral"	"Wirral, Merseyside - 100.00 - 135.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"We are currently recruiting a Business Studies Teacher for Maternity Cover within a Secondary School in Wirral New Directions Education (NDE) is currently recruiting a Business Studies Teacher capable of fulfilling a Full time and temporary maternity cover post. Your role as a Business Studies Teacher, will involve the following: Teaching across Key Stages (KS) 4 & 5Experience of delivering GCSE, BTEC and A-Level BusinessAdditional Teaching of KS3 Humanities.You will need the following: Be either a Newly Qualified Teacher (NQT) or hold full Qualified Teacher Status (QTS)Ideally have a 'Business' related degreeRecent history of success and achievement in Schools and/or CollegesAbility to enhance the student experience and be proactive in the use and incorporating of ICTIdeally, you will be seeking to develop your skills and provide New Directions Education the opportunity to seek you a more permanent post whilst you are in this current placement.  You will receive: Regular long term employmentFree and regular training related to the roleA designated and supportive consultant who will work with you to find the right school and opportunityReduced DBS charge - £44 and no administration feePAYE and no auto-enrolment under an umbrella scheme"	"Wirral, Merseyside, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 135.00 Annual GBP"	"New Directions"	"New Directions"	"JS3561_36806085/603303964"	"12/12/2018 09:04:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4IR"	NA
"Guaranteed Pay Supply Teacher"	"130.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Guaranteed Pay Supply Teacher"	"London - 130.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Guaranteed Pay Supply Teacher - East London - January 2019 Acting as a work-finding service, we provide substitute teacher cover to a range of Primary, Secondary and SEND Schools; from small village schools to large secondary schools. We are looking for Substitute Teachers to cover all classes from Reception through to KS5 and who have strong behaviour management skills and are passionate about teaching. Prospero Teaching are currently seeking experienced, dynamic and flexible secondary school teachers in London and the surrounding areas who are interested in working in a variety of client schools on a day to day supply basis. At Prospero Teaching we are looking for Substitute teachers who are located in London and want daily supply work in that area. As we have an abundance of supply teaching available, we can provide contracts (during the school terms*) which guarantee teachers a set number of supply days per week. The concise number is negotiated between the teacher and consultant but is usually 5 days per week.In the unlikely event that Prospero Teaching is unable to offer you work during the period stipulated in the contract, you will be entitled to 100% of your daily pay rate (conditions apply).CONTRACT/POSITION DETAILS: Location - East London & surrounding Boroughs Position(S) - Supply Teachers Type of work - Supply Teachers - day to day Start date - 03/01/2019Duration/Likely Duration - Day to day bookings, with the potential for extension depending on schools Temporary Full time/part time - Part time and full time depending on schools/supply teacher needs Minimum rate of pay - Minimum rate £130 per day Hours - 8:30 am - 4pm (full day), half day (am or pm), individual lesson cover EXPERIENCE, TRAINING AND QUALIFICATIONS: QTS/PGCE/B'Ed or equivalent teaching degree Previous experience working in a UK school TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR THIS ROLE THROUGH PROSPERO TEACHING, YOU MUST: Hold Right to Work in the UK Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application Provide two professional related references OTHER: If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV. Unfortunately, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy. Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful candidate: Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour management In-house Training and Development Team"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36796230/600488899"	"10/12/2018 07:04:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEa"	NA
"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater Manchester"	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater Manchester"	"City, Manchester - 100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater ManchesterProspero Teaching is looking for a Key Stage 2 teacher to provide regular supply cover in primary schools in Salford, Trafford and Manchester. You will need to be confident working across a variety of schools throughout KS2 and flexible with location. The schools pre-book teachers for cover where possible and do also call for cover on the day. You are able to select your preferred type of booking, either pre-book, standby or both. This position is open to NQTs and experienced Key Stage 2 teachers. You would need to have experience working in key stage 2 and have a strong understanding of the curriculum for this age group. The ability to build relationships quickly and engage learners is vital. Contract/Position Details:*Location - Greater Manchester*Position - Key Stage 2 Teacher*Type of work - Class teaching, marking, assessment where applicable*Start date - 19th November 2018*Likely Duration - regular supply cover to July 2019*Position end date - July 2019*Contract type - Temporary*Minimum rate of pay - £100 (pay increases in accordance to experience)*Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Experience, Training and Qualifications:It is essential that you have QTS and experience working in primary schools. You will need to have taught in KS2 either in a permanent or supply cover role, or on teaching placement if you are an NQT. You will also need to have up to date Safeguarding training. You can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.To be eligible for any role with Prospero Teaching, you must: *Hold Right to Work in the UK *Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with online update service or be willing to process a new application*Provide two professional child related referencesIf you are a Key Stage 2 Teacher and would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV to or call Georgina on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful candidate:*Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour management*In-house Training and Development team"	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36505802/596919354"	"07/12/2018 09:04:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kC"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Warrington"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Warrington - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a dedicated and reliable teacher of Media Studies looking for a long term contract in 2019?Are you able to teach BTEC Media to students aged 14 to 19 years old?If so we want to talk you.We are currently looking for an ambitious teacher of Media to cover a maternity leave contract from February 2019 to July 2019 a secondary academy with media college status in St Helens. The School11 to 18 academyA thriving school dedicated to improving the lives of its pupilsState of the art facilities for modern teachingAbundant support for learners with additional needsAll teaching staff received extensive PPA provisions and a first class CPD programme.The perfect Candidate:Must Hold QTS or QTLSRecent experience of teaching Media Studies to children in a secondary school/unit or sixth form collegeFull understanding of the BTEC Media syllabus and assessment for learningMust be able to plan effective lessons to engage pupilsPositive behaviour management strategiesPerks of the role Teaching Media in students who have chosen to study MediaPart of a successful multi academy trustEasily accessible by car or public transportCompetitive pay rates.Maternity leave contract - parity pay from day 1 PAYE or Umbrella pay - whichever you preferEvery teacher we have placed in this school on long term supply to date has been offered a permanent contract! Although this role does not start until the New Year the school wish to see CVs or suitable applicants this week. CVs will be presented to Head of department on Tuesday 4th December at 9am.  Therefore if you are interested in being consideredplease send a CV in blank a Word Document with the following informationFull Name, Location/postcode, contact numbers Post 18 education qualifications - as year to year, University, Qualification achieved.Employment history- most recent first shown as month & year to month and year to account for the last 10 years at least with any gaps explained.CVs submitted after 4th December 2018 will only be considered if they contain the information shown above. For further information please call and speak to Mick or RachaelAll candidates must hold the Right to Work within the UK in a full time post.This role is temporary supply not a permanent position. Academics is an Employment business finding temporary supply roles for qualified teachers and teaching assistants in Northwich, St Helens, Warrington, Wigan and Halton. "	"Warrington, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS3B7CE493/597175450"	"13/12/2018 09:13:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIL6"	NA
"Food Technology teacher needed in Buckinghamshire"	"120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Bourne End, Buckinghamshire"	"Unspecified"	"Food Technology teacher needed in Buckinghamshire"	"Bourne End, Buckinghamshire - 120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified and experienced Food Technology Teacher looking for a new role in Slough? Academics are currently looking to recruit a Food Technology teacher to work in a large Secondary School based in Slough on either a long term or permanent basis. The ideal Teacher must have: Must have QTS and also be an educator with a clear focus on engaging pupils' interest in Food Technology, as well as preparing pupils knowledge and further life skills by being reflective and delivering engaging, fun and academic focused lessons that possess clear differentiation for a range of students. Also have an understanding of good practice for assessments, tracking and monitoring and have the drive and determination to do all that is necessary to raise achievement. Working through Academics we can offer you: * Competitive daily pay rates * A specialist and dedicated consultant who will endeavor to meet your needs * Refer a friend bonus scheme If you are looking for a Food Technology Teaching role in the Berkshire/Buckinghamshire borders call Academics today on or email "	"Bourne End, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36665284/587209469"	"13/12/2018 07:02:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHlR"	NA
"Year 4 Teacher - Barnet - Two terms"	"120.00 Daily - 150.00 Daily £120 - £150/day GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Year 4 Teacher - Barnet - Two terms"	"London - 120.00 Daily - 150.00 Daily £120 - £150/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"GSL Education are seeking an innovative and qualified Primary School teacher to teach for two terms Year 4 children at a thriving school located in Barnet. The school is looking for a hardworking and enthusiastic teaching professional with excellent subject knowledge and a sound understanding of the KS1 curriculum.Our client is a lovely school which embrace learning together for life. The school staff are a team, working well together and being supportive of each other. They encourage all their children to take responsibility for their learning to help develop them for the future. The curriculum at the school has been developed to allow teachers to be creative and make the learning journey stimulating and exciting for their pupilsThe school has an Ofsted rating (Outstanding). The school would like to appoint a Year 4 Teacher who have confidence in planning and preparing age appropriate lessons to Key stage 1 pupils.Applicants who wish to apply must have QTS, UK experience, and a strong National Curriculum experience in Year 4/Key Stage 1The successful candidate will:. QTS or a UK recognized teaching qualification at a primary level. Able to inspire and engage with children or young adults with Special Education and challenging behaviour.. Assessing individual learning needs and developing individual education plans.. To be able to differentiate work to students depending on their needs and abilities.. Excellent communication skills with the ability to communicate with other staff members.. The ability to use initiative and works well under pressure.. Have recent experience teaching SEN studentsAbout the school and contract:. A creative, dynamic curriculum which takes account of the interest and needs of our diverse community.. Music specialist teaching from nursery to Year 6, school orchestra and choir.. 21st century wireless ICT provision across the school includes the use of ipads and state of the art smart screens.. Interviewing ASAP.. Great behaviour in the class.. Supportive and friendly staff to work alongside.Primary Teacher Specification. Have a DBS registered with the online update service or be willing to process one. Provide two professional child related references good - outstanding. Teaching qualifications - PGCE, Diploma in teaching, Bachelors of Education, QTS.. Have the right to work in the UK. Be committed to best practiceWhat we can offer:. Excellent pay rates to match your scale & current market rate. A dedicated consultant to offer you full ongoing support in your new role. Regular job reviews to ensure you are completely happy with your new role, team & environment. On-going career support & advice. Continual knowledge on the ever-changing education sectorGSL Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All candidates will be subject to strict recruitment and vetting processes and required to have an enhanced DBS check (unless you already have a valid DBS registered on the update service).Should you be looking for a Primary School Teaching position role for 2019 academic year, then please contact our Primary Education Consultant, Nick Stanley, ASAP "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 Daily - 150.00 Daily £120 - £150/day GBP"	"GSL Education"	"GSL Education"	"JS209162288/604634984"	"13/12/2018 09:03:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIDs"	NA
"Computer Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Computer Science Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Attention Computer Science Teachers*Academics is looking for a computer science teacher to work in a college in London.They are looking for someone to start straight away.If you have UK expiernce working in schools or colleges then please apply now!* Computer Science Teacher* ASAP Start* Central London* West LondonThe candidate must have UK expierence and a teaching qualificationApply NOW!Apply now and call on for more details "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS82C224E5/599178657"	"10/12/2018 07:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJ2"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual £23720 - £39406/annum GBP"	"Wantage, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Wantage, Oxfordshire - 23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual £23720 - £39406/annum GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Remix Recruitment is working with a large Secondary School in Wantage that are looking to recruit a permanent Teacher of Business Studies to start in January 2019 full time.The ideal candidate:- Can teach Business Studies from Years 9 - 13- Able to commence a new role in January 2019Applications from experienced Business Studies teachers and Newly Qualified Business studies teachers are welcome.Please contact Nick at Remix Recruitment to apply for this role or for further details. By applying for this role you agree with our Privacy Policy which can be found on our website "	"Wantage, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual £23720 - £39406/annum GBP"	"Remix Recruitment"	"Remix Recruitment"	"JS209122110/604640862"	"13/12/2018 11:02:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJA5"	NA
"Business studies Teacher- Immediate start"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Business studies Teacher- Immediate start"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business studies Teaching job in London.We are looking to appoint a Teacher of Business studies for a highly organised school in North London, if this sounds like you then you need to apply today!This mixed secondary school located with easy transport links. They are looking to appoint an experienced or outstanding Newly Qualified Business studies teacher.* Teacher of Business studies * Outstanding Department* Ofsted 'Outstanding' School* Immediate interview and startWe are seeking a talented individual with a passion of inspiring young minds in the 21st Century!If you're interested in working for this school you will need to be; * An outstanding teacher in this subject, with a track record of achieving outstanding results, * Have a passionate belief in the school's mission statement* Be highly organised, ICT literate and have excellent communication and motivational skills to engage young people and be prepared to deliver after school intervention exam preparation and enrichment programmes and contribute to wider school activities.The school also offers an excellent induction programme within a friendly and supportive environment, and they are committed to high quality professional development and continuous improvement in teaching and learning, if you're an exceptional Business studies teacher then this opportunity is not to be missed! Apply now "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSD6A93FAD/599779340"	"08/12/2018 11:04:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDh5"	NA
"Year 5 Teacher - January Start!"	"GBP"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Teacher - January Start!"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are exclusively working with a Scarborough Primary School to recruit a Year 5 Teacher who will be able to undertake Full Time work from January.The school is located in Eastfield, Scarborough and is working to bring about improvements from their recent Ofsted grade. They are looking for someone who will be able to support their Upper Key Stage 2 classes with confidence and be able to encompass and follow their values;Be respectful of others; treating others as you wish to be treatedApproach life with resilience; the school encourage self-beliefWork as a team and show friendship towards othersIndependent, organised and endeavour for pupils to solve their own problems whenever they canEncourage all to hold responsibility for their own words, actions and belongingsThose who apply should have extensive experience of working in Upper Key Stage 2 and be able to competently plan lessons in line with the curriculum, especially for those who require a differentiated lesson to meet their needs and requirements.The role is to start in January, and you will take full class responsibility, and you will work alongside a supportive team within an evolving school. You should have experience of supporting this year group, and be able to effectively demonstrate this at interview.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Scarborough, Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSFB71F97D/599779272"	"08/12/2018 11:04:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDh4"	NA
"Year 1 Teacher - Reading, Berkshire"	"23720.00 - 27652.00 Annual £23720 - £27652/annum GBP"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Year 1 Teacher - Reading, Berkshire"	"Reading, Berkshire - 23720.00 - 27652.00 Annual £23720 - £27652/annum GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Strategy Education are working with a primary school in Berkshire who are looking to employ a Year 1 teacher initially for 2 terms from January 2019 - July 2019. There is a permanent position available for the right person but the school are equally happy to employ the right candidate on a fixed term, supply contract. Although there is a full time role available, the school could support a 4 day week. Daily rates can be negotiated upon application.During the last Ofsted, the school was rated Good with outstanding features. Standards of Maths and English have improved significantly since the last inspection and the Headteacher is a passionate educator with a clear vision and determination to continue to improve standards of education throughout the school. Pupils are highly respectful of each other and they feel safe in school.There is a full NQT induction programme available if required and plenty of opportunities for CPD wherever you may be in your career.The successful candidate will be subject to a variety of checks including, eligibility to work in the UK an enhanced DBS and full references including one from your most recent teaching placement. Strategy Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitmentInterested in further details? Please send your CV without delay.Send a CV over along with referee contact details and we will do the rest "	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"23720.00 - 27652.00 Annual £23720 - £27652/annum GBP"	"Strategy Education"	"Strategy Education"	"JS209119171/604641131"	"13/12/2018 11:02:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBA"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"23k - 39k Annual £23k - £39k/annum GBP"	"Gravesend, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Gravesend, Kent - 23k - 39k Annual £23k - £39k/annum GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Recruitment Solutions Folkestone Ltd; Education are working in conjunction with a high performing and forward-thinking school in the Gravesend area, to recruit a qualified teacher of Business Studies on a permanent basis.This is a Full time position and the school are looking to welcome a confident, driven and dynamic teacher to join their successful team.. Teaching Business Studies to KS3, KS4 & KS5. The school is well located. Start ASAP or from April 2019. Full time, permanent role. OFSTED Good School. Successful Behaviour Management PolicyIf you are interested in applying for this position, please do not hesitate to send your CV for consideration.Recruitment Solutions (Folkestone) Ltd believes in Equal Opportunities in employment for all. Our schools are committed to safeguarding children and young people. All post holders are subject to a satisfactory enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service disclosure "	"Gravesend, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"23k - 39k Annual £23k - £39k/annum GBP"	"Recruitment Solutions (Folkestone) Ltd"	"Recruitment Solutions (Folkestone) Ltd"	"JS209148989/604637535"	"13/12/2018 09:02:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIDU"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher - January 2019 or sooner"	"110.00 - 190.00 Annual GBP"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher - January 2019 or sooner"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire - 110.00 - 190.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education Reading are currently working closely with a \"good\" School in West Berkshire to recruit for a Business Studies Teacher to join in January 2019 or sooner if possible.The position in January will be full time for a long term placement with salary paid to scale, on daily rate, paid weekly.The ideal candidate would hold QTS with relevant experience teaching Business Studies to GCSE and A-Level with evidence of success in raising attainment, the role has the addition of some Travel and Tourism lessons on the timetable.Newly Qualified and experienced teachers of Business Studies are warmly welcomed as the position is suitable for an NQT, QTS or experienced unqualified teacher of Business Studies.Their success as a school is built upon a strong foundation of high standards, coupled with a relentless focus on improving the quality of learning, teaching and engagement, to ensure that all students are given every chance of developing the knowledge, skills and attributes to prepare them for their future.They pride themselves on the positive attitudes that students demonstrate daily, the passion that they show for their learning and the respect that they have for others. The network created through their collaboration with parents/carers, primary schools and other partners supports the work of their house system and simply reinforces their belief that 'it takes a village to raise a child'.A culture of praise is something they have created at the school and therefore they invest extensive time in recognising the achievements of every young person. Their strong academic and pastoral systems allow for class teachers and tutors alike to praise young people, whether it be a simple well done, a postcard of congratulations or a phone call home. Annually, formal events are held in the form of Presentation Evening and Key Stage Award Evenings, with all winners invited being captured on the roll of honour boards in their Da Vinci space and included on their 'Celebrate' page of the website.Here are some quotes from the schools most recent Ofsted: \"The leadership team has maintained the good quality of education in the school since the last inspection. You provide strong and determined leadership aimed at ensuring a high-quality education for all pupils, regardless of their ability or circumstances.\"\"Pupils behave well at the school. They are kind and respectful towards each other and their teachers. Pupils wear their uniform with pride and they take good care of their school environment.\"\"Leaders monitor the quality of teaching closely and the effect it has on the progress of pupils. As a result, leaders know the many strengths of the school, including the strong progress made by pupils in English, the humanities subjects and modern foreign languages.\"\"There is a strong culture of vigilance and support to ensure that pupils are kept safe. Staff are knowledgeable about safeguarding procedures and practices because they receive regular training and updates.\" This is an excellent opportunity for any Business Studies Teacher looking to make their mark and truly impact the schools progress inside and outside the classroom.Please apply ASAP not to miss this opportunity or simply call Reed Education Reading to discuss further. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 190.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36733987/591560684"	"13/12/2018 07:03:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmO"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"120.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Sunderland"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"City, Sunderland - 120.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies - SunderlandThe Education Network is currently working in partnership with a reputable Secondary School in Sunderland in search of a Teacher of Business Studies. The role is initially temporary from January - July, however there is an opportunity for the successful candidate to be extended or appointed on school contract.The school is known for being one of the most reputable in the LEA and the successful candidate will be joining a dedicated, passionate and committed department. In order to be successful in your application you must be confident and experienced in teaching Business Studies at KS3-4, any experience of KS5 teaching would be advantageous.Requirements for this role:- QTS or other UK recognised Teaching qualification.- Experience teaching Business Studies at KS3-4- Excellent behaviour management skills- A degree in a relevant subject.- Experience in the classroom-Have strong interpersonal skills in order to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students.- Have excellent organisational and time management skills.The Education Network has become first choice for secondary schools across the region for both daily and long term supply cover. We also work with our client schools on exclusive permanent recruitment opportunities not advertised anywhere else.We have developed a unique CPD programme for our teachers and support staff and you could also benefit from the ongoing training we provided to all our staff free of charge as and when the courses are released thought the course of the academic year.The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance + standards. Any appointment will be subject to stringent checks including referencing and an enhanced DBS check. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy.If you are interested in this vacancy, or would like to discuss it in further detail, email or give us a call on . "	"City, Sunderland, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"The Education Network"	"The Education Network"	"JS3561_36806582/603301640"	"12/12/2018 09:03:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4IE"	NA
"Business Studies teacher"	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Chigwell, Essex"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies teacher"	"Chigwell, Essex - 150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"We are delighted to be wokring with thriving,diverse and successful school based in the London/Essex border. They are seeking a Business studies teacher full time to join them in January. Staff there work very hard to ensure their pupils achieve exceptionally well. This post is offered as temporary in the first instance with a permanent contract available after one term for the right candidate. This oversubscribed school is mixed 11-18 and is located near Epping with beautiful leafy surroundings. You would be experienced in delivering Business Studies to A level and have a positive, engaging outlook to teaching students with mixed abilities.You must have a recognised teaching qualification,RTW in the UK,Enhanced DBS (or be willing to undetake a new one) and good references.We take safeguarding very seriously and expect all who apply to share the same committment. Interviews are immenent so please apply asap. The LCJ Group is committed to the safeguarding of children and young people and expect all applicants to share the same commitment. "	"Chigwell, Essex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"The LCJ Group"	"The LCJ Group"	"JS3561_36596955/604251118"	"13/12/2018 07:03:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHme"	NA
"Economics and Business Teacher"	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Burnley, Lancashire"	"Unspecified"	"Economics and Business Teacher"	"Burnley, Lancashire - 130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Economics & Business Studies Teacher required 4 days per week to start immediately! Economics and Business teacher or an experienced,competant Instructor to deliver to ALevel students. We are looking for an Economics and Business teacher to work across Key Stages 4 and 5 in well supported and resourced Business department, this post is going to be offered on a time table. The role will involve teaching GSCE, BTEC and A Level. The school is happy to consider NQT's and experienced teachers. Candidates must have an enthusiasm for the subject, which will be reflected in their passion for teaching. The successful candidate will need to teach KS3, KS4 and KS5 students a range of lessons which follow the current schemes of work. The Business and Economics Department is responsible for delivering A level Business, A level Economics and GCSE Business. The specifications currently followed are Eduqas Business, AQA Economics and Eduqas GCSE Business. If you are interested and wish to be considered please forward your updated CV ASAP  "	"Burnley, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Bridge Education and Training ltd"	"Bridge Education and Training ltd"	"JS3561_36578527/600709692"	"10/12/2018 07:03:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgD4"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"37k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hook Norton, Oxfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Hook Norton, Oxfordshire - 37k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"\"Relationships between staff and pupils are good. Values of tolerance and respect are a core part of the school's ethos\"\"The curriculum provides good opportunities for pupils to be successful and make progress after they leave school\".\"Good teaching is enabling pupils to make good progress pupils behave well in lessons, around the school site and at breaktimes\".REED Education are working in partnership with a large Secondary School in Northamptonshire in their search for a Business Studies Teacher. This is a Full time position to start ASAP.Planning and marking will be required and the School would welcome applications from teachers who can offer a second subject such as ICT or Computing, this would be beneficial but is not essential.Our school is commutable from Northampton, Milton Keynes, Daventry, Kettering and Banbury. The successful candidate will: - Have the ability to teach Business from Year 7 upwards Be passionate about their subject areas and a good role model to students Be comfortable teaching in Key Stage 5 if required Be innovative and have a strong classroom presence Have excellent communication skills and be able to work within a team of specialist teachersThe School will support the appointed teacher through an excellent Head Teacher and a strong leadership team, therefore the right candidate will be given all of the tools to succeed in an exciting teaching environment. If you are interested and available, or would like an informal chat about this position, please contact Matt Payne on or at . Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Hook Norton, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"37k Annual 00 GBP"	"Milton Keynes Education"	"Milton Keynes Education"	"JS3561_36731630/591354323"	"13/12/2018 07:04:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHm6"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Runcorn, Cheshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Runcorn, Cheshire - 120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	" Do you have a background or understanding in/business?  Do you strive to get the best out of your classroom? Are you ready to steer the department to the next level?  The role  We are working on behalf of a school based in the Halton area to appoint the next member of their Business Studies team. Their brand new department who have unrivalled resources for a school of their capacity, require an enthusiastic and energetic Teacher who can take the next generation of students to the next level.  The school  With a huge student body and an ever growing population this academy, in the heart of Halton, specialises in a number of subjects with a powerful emphasis on allowing teachers to develop, create and enhance their own individual styles. The spine of their academic specialisms is supplemented with a variety creative disciplines.  The Candidate  Fully Qualified TeacherExperience Teaching Business StudiesNQT's Welcome to apply!Enthusiasm The Perks  Potential to go permanentGreat rate of payWonderful schoolSupportive Faculty If you are an experienced Business teacher and this sounds like the opportunity for you, please apply online or reply to my email address with a recent CV!  Randstad Education is the UK market leader in education recruitment. We have been helping teachers and support staff to find temporary and permanent education jobs for nearly twenty years. Working with over 2,500 schools each week we can find the right match for your skills. We are proud to support a diverse portfolio of schools and academies within the Greater Manchester area. These schools range in size, catchment, religious background and ethos. We understand that every school and child is different so we carefully match our staff with the schools and children to which they work best. Randstad Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and requires all applicants to share this commitment. All applicants will be subject to an enhanced DBS check. "	"Runcorn, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Randstad Education Limited"	"Randstad Education Limited"	"JS3561_36748132/592833841"	"13/12/2018 07:03:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmT"	NA
"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, PRIMARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, PRIMARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"City, Birmingham - 110.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Prospero Teaching are looking for Primary SEN Supply Teachers to provide short-term and long term supply cover in various special schools in the Birmingham area. Bookings can range from one week to the full academic year.With the end of Term One approaching, schools are now looking at their staffing requirements for Term Two and we are keen to speak to all teachers who are looking for a new position for January 2019.Many schools also book teachers for emergency cover, so if you are looking for just a few days' work each week this option is available. We will discuss with you about the type of work you are looking for, so whether you are looking for day-to-day cover, short term bookings or long term placements, Prospero Teaching can help with your job search.SEN Supply Teacher Contract/Position Details* Location - Birmingham* Position - Primary SEN Supply Teacher* Type of work - Class teaching* Start date - November 2018* Likely Duration - Ongoing supply cover to July 2019* Position end date - July 2019* Contract type - Temporary* Full-time potential* Minimum rate of pay - £110 - Negotiable Pay * Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Supply Teacher Experience, Training and Qualifications* It is essential that you have QTS and experience teaching in a special school setting in either a permanent or supply cover role.* Up-to-date Safeguarding training is imperative; you can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.* Strong behaviour management skills are a must.To be eligible for any teaching job with Prospero Teaching, you must* Hold the Right to Work in the UK.* Possess an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application.* Provide two professional child related references.If you are an SEN Teacher and would like to be considered for this teaching job, please call us on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful SEN Supply Teacher* Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour managementIf you would like to earn a £150 bonus and know someone who would be interested in this or other teaching jobs check out our Refer a Friend scheme."	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"JS3561_36793625/600488759"	"09/12/2018 09:09:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmROT"	NA
"Daily supply teacher - South West London - £130 per day"	"130.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Daily supply teacher - South West London - £130 per day"	"London - 130.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Veritas Education are hiring Primary Teachers who would like to work on a supply basis. We can offer either Day to Day, Long Term, or Short-Term positions to suit your individual circumstances in schools that are local to you. WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU: * Competitive and attractive pay rates offered* Regular work in local schools* Supportive school environments with positive leadership, and experienced support staff* Dedicated and Experienced consultants to be your contact throughout the assignment, and can offer you a 24/7 contact service THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL: * Be a qualified Teacher - Holding valid UK QTS, You will be matched to the assignments you are comfortable and qualified for only. * Be flexible, enthusiastic and motivated to do well each day.* Be able to manage behaviour effectively to ensure best possible outcomes. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36797101/600488966"	"09/12/2018 09:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRHQ"	NA
"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, SECONDARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, SECONDARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"City, Birmingham - 110.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Prospero Teaching are looking for Secondary SEN Supply Teachers to provide short-term and long term supply cover in various special schools in the Birmingham area. Bookings can range from one week to the full academic year.With the end of Term One approaching, schools are now looking at their staffing requirements for Term Two and we are keen to speak to all teachers who are looking for a new position for January 2019.Many schools also book teachers for emergency cover, so if you are looking for just a few days' work each week this option is available. We will discuss with you about the type of work you are looking for, so whether you are looking for day-to-day cover, short term bookings or long term placements, Prospero Teaching can help with your job search.SEN Supply Teacher Contract/Position Details* Location - Birmingham* Position - Secondary SEN Supply Teacher* Type of work - Class teaching* Start date - January 2019* Likely Duration - Ongoing supply cover to July 2019* Position end date - July 2019* Contract type - Temporary* Full-time potential* Minimum rate of pay - £110 - Negotiable Pay * Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Supply Teacher Experience, Training and Qualifications* It is essential that you have QTS and experience teaching in a special school setting in either a permanent or supply cover role.* Up-to-date Safeguarding training is imperative; you can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.* Strong behaviour management skills are a must.To be eligible for any teaching job with Prospero Teaching, you must* Hold the Right to Work in the UK.* Possess an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application.* Provide two professional child related references.If you are an SEN Teacher and would like to be considered for this teaching job, please call us on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful SEN Supply Teacher* Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour managementIf you would like to earn a £150 bonus and know someone who would be interested in this or other teaching jobs check out our Refer a Friend scheme."	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"JS3561_36793934/600486448"	"08/12/2018 17:02:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmHzO"	NA
"Key Stage Two Teacher"	"39k Annual 00 GBP"	"Kennington, Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Key Stage Two Teacher"	"Kennington, Kent - 39k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Role: Key Stage Two, Key Stage 2, KS2 Teacher Looking to work in a community minded school? We have the Key Stage 2 role for you!  This lovely Faith School requires is seeking an upper primary teacher to join it's welcoming and social staff group in KS2. Based in Kennington, the school has a great leadership team and offers a supportive environment conducive to career progression opportunities. With a strong and positive community presence, as well as  great transport links you'll have a great work-life balance in this Key Stage Two role. Starting from January you can expect KS2 roles like this to be popular, so get in touch today! Note:  Key Stage 2 Teacher MUST be a qualified teacher to apply for this position.Key Stage 2 Teacher MUST have entitlement to work in the UK to apply for this position. _______________________________________________________________________________________________ Vibe is the most super awesome team of teachers in the history of Education! We literally explode out of bed every morning, pumped with ultra-positive energy and ready to smash the day by sending the most RAD teachers out into the coolest schools across London! Only the most epically inspiring people get through our x-ray vision-like screening processes, so if you're selected to join the team, you know you are legendary! Caution: Please be aware that by getting in touch, you may be exposed to serious levels of awesomeness! Primary School Teacher, Primary School, Primary Teacher, KS2 Teacher, Key Stage 2 Teacher, KS2, Key Stage 2, Key Stage Two, Faith School, Faith. "	"Kennington, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"39k Annual 00 GBP"	"Vibe Teacher Recruitment Ltd"	"Vibe Teacher Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36820580/604247362"	"13/12/2018 07:04:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmy"	NA
"Full Time English Teacher required"	"120.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Full Time English Teacher required"	"Guildford, Surrey - 120.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"We are currently recruiting for a Fully Qualified English Teacher to work in an SEN School based in Guildford. A new exciting career opportunity open to both mainstream and SEN Teachers who have previous experience of working with Primary and Secondary. The school are looking for a Fully Qualified Teacher to work with both primary and secondary student with a total of up to 8 pupils per class. The school caters for students who have statements of special educational needs and/or Education, Health and Care plans with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health) as their primary identified need, though the majority of students have additional special educational needs such as autistic spectrum conditions, speech, language and communication difficulties, ADHD, opposition defiance, medical conditions and attachment disorders. It will involve working on a 1:1 basis as well as general classroom support with children who have Special Educational Needs therefore, we need candidates who have specific experience of providing 1:1 support for SEN pupils - promoting their overall development. Key Skills:- Excellent communicationOrganisationTeam workingPatiencePositive, enthusiastic worker as well as taking pride in your job role.Enjoys a challengeShould you require any additional information regarding SEN or indeed to apply for one of the positions we have available, please contact your SEN specialist Rachel Dickson on or  All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see faqs for details. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. For details of our privacy policy, please see privacy-notice "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36740780/591760849"	"13/12/2018 09:03:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIEE"	NA
"Full Time Y5 Class Teacher | Thornbury Primary School"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Full Time Y5 Class Teacher | Thornbury Primary School"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Y5 Class Teacher | Ofsted Outstanding Primary School | Apply Today! Start Date: Jan 2019Contract Term: Permanent Closing Date: Monday 10th December 2019About the Role: The head teacher and governors at a rural Primary School in Thornbury are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic, experienced Year 5 teacher for their happy school. It's a permanent, full time position from 1st January 2019. The class is made up of 32 friendly children of mixed abilities with an experienced Teaching Assistant to assist in learning.About you: *You will have a clear passion and ambition to bring new experiences to the school as well as being committed to school improvement and raising standards*You will be a Key Stage 2 Specialist with excellent knowledge of the curriculum*You will be happy to take part in the wider life of the school and have fun! *Be an excellent classroom teacher with high expectations for children's attainment, achievement and behaviour If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to along with a short cover letter describing why you would be perfect for the role to Monarch Education. You will then be contacted by Sarah Hadfield on within 24 hours of applying. We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check.Monarch Education has been working with schools across South Gloucestershire for over 10 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.What our staff say about Monarch:\"I must admit in being apprehensive at the thought of moving from a contracted position to registering exclusively with Monarch Education. However, Sarah was there to guide me through the process from registration to interview preparation. We discussed various roles that she had and different schools that she worked with regularly. It was a direct result of these conversations and Sarah's knowledge of where I wanted to develop my career that she suggested I interview for a dream job and became a permanent member of staff at the school!\""	"Bristol, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS161A041D/599808701"	"10/12/2018 07:09:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJP"	NA
"English and Media Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description English and Media Teacher I am working with a good school based in Lambeth that is looking appoint an English and Media teacher. The position starts January 2019 and is a full time position, 5 days a week. The position would be via the agency to begin with, however, there is a full time permanent role available from September for a suitable candidate.The position will involve teaching both KS3 and KS4 English and Media. The school has a strong English department and they are looking for an English teacher who would be happy to take on a timetable involving 6 media lessons alongside English.The school really appreciates the value of high literacy skills and has excellent facilities in both its library and in classrooms.The English department offers a variety of extracurricular activities including theatre trips, guest poets and authors, a literature festival, poetry slam, debating club and spelling club. If you would like to become part of a vibrant and exciting department then look no further.The school are only considering applications from candidates that have the right to work in the UK, hold a PGCE or equivalent qualification and hold a subject relevant degree.If you would like to be considered for this opportunity in education and training as an English and Media teacher then please email an up to date copy of your CV over to Oliver at Reeson Education as soon as possible.The SchoolThis is a large mixed academy based in the London borough of Lambeth. The school is part of a large academy chain and has the backing of considerable resources, allowing it to provide excellent opportunities for CPD and avenues of progression for staff. The school was recently inspected by Ofsted in December 2017 and continues to maintain a Good rating. This is a solid school with a good academic rating and is well respected in the local community.Company Information:REESON Education is London's premier recruitment agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence. We work exclusively with a number of London's best secondary schools across all areas of London, offer highly competitive rates of pay and an unmatched personal service.REESON Education will try to respond to all applications within three working days. However due to the volume of applications we receive we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply now. "	"London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSB286A1BE/590808310"	"09/12/2018 09:13:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRUe"	NA
"Design and Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Kingston, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Design and Technology Teacher"	"Kingston, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Design and Technology Teacher needed in Outstanding Academy.The Head Teacher of an Outstanding Secondary Academy seeks a Design and Technology Teacher to join their team from January 2019. This opportunity will initially be a long term temporary post but there may be potential of permanent contract offer to the right candidate.To be considered for this post you will be qualified and experienced to teach various elements of Technology to GCSE level, specialisms in Resistant Materials and Product Design will be favourable. You will set high expectations of yourself and of your pupils. If successful you will benefit from:Pay rates of £130-£160 per dayWorking in an Outstanding schoolSuperb machinery and facilitiesSupportive team and SLTOutstanding CPDPlease apply below if you are interested in post.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Kingston, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS29CFEE1F/599178642"	"07/12/2018 07:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2EX"	NA
"Day to Day Primary Teacher"	"120.00 Daily - 150.00 Daily £120 - £150/day GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Day to Day Primary Teacher"	"London - 120.00 Daily - 150.00 Daily £120 - £150/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Day to Day Primary Teacher- East London- Immediate StartAre you looking for a D-2-D teaching role that offers flexibility with when you work?Do you want to control what days you work?Do you hold flexibility?If yes, Academics have the perfect opportunity for you!. Day to Day Primary Teacher. Flexibility with Years depending on preference. £120-£150 per day depending on experience. Immediate StartAcademics are currently working with multiple schools across East London that requires qualified teachers on a day to day basis. The successful candidate will work across multiple schools or one daily depending on the preference of working. Academics ensures all schools offer education and training to every staff member. This is a great opportunity for teachers who are looking to control the days they work. The successful candidate must be friendly, motivated and have a minimum of one years experience in a primary school setting. To apply for this role you must be eligible to work in the UK and Hold QTS.If you are seeking a daily supply opportunity please call on today to find out more.Day to Day Primary Teacher- East London- Immediate StartAcademics ensures all schools offer education and training "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 Daily - 150.00 Daily £120 - £150/day GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS209109081/604641933"	"13/12/2018 11:03:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBW"	NA
"URGENT - Part Time PPA Cover QTS Teacher Specialising in Year 1/2"	"125.00 Daily - 135.00 Daily £125 - £135/day GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"URGENT - Part Time PPA Cover QTS Teacher Specialising in Year 1/2"	"London - 125.00 Daily - 135.00 Daily £125 - £135/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Part Time PPA Cover QTS Teacher Specialising in Year 1/2A wonderful Primary school in Tooting wish to appoint a dynamic, enthusiastic and inspirational PPA Teacher to join our happy and forward thinking school. The post is primarily for our mixed Year 1/2 classes, but who is able to step into Key Stage if needed for cover.Are you a qualified Key Stage 1 teacher/KS1 teacher looking for an exciting new role enabling children to reach their full potential? Do you want to work in a school that is dedicated to inspiring pupils to learn and be confidently equipped for their future?This is an excellent opportunity for:An energetic and dynamic teacher who can motivate, challenge and inspire children A dedicated and caring practitioner with high expectations of achievement A creative individual who can foster a love of learning in their classroom A positive and proactive individual who is able to work in partnership with parents, carers, staff, governors and the community A flexible, fun and energetic person to join our friendly team To be considered for this role you must have:Qualified Teacher Status/QTSExperience working within all year groupsAn innovative and creative approach to teacherA team playerTo do this, we will provide you with:Good rates of payAm efficient clearance process in order to register and get you working as quickly as possibleAn excellent 'recommend a friend' schemeAll applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"125.00 Daily - 135.00 Daily £125 - £135/day GBP"	"TeacherActive"	"TeacherActive"	"JS209124283/604640648"	"13/12/2018 11:02:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBI"	NA
"English and Media Teacher Needed in Harrow Secondary School - January"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"English and Media Teacher Needed in Harrow Secondary School - January"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education, Hammersmith is currently recruiting for a highly motivated, success-driven school in North West London seeking a fantastic English and Media Teacher for a January start on a long-term basis!You will be teaching English up to Key Stage 4 and Media at Key Stage 5. This school has excellent facilities and provides students with all the equipment and experience they need in order to have the best opportunities: academic, cultural and sporting. Rated 'Outstanding' by OFSTED in their last report.You will be working closely with the highly supportive English and Media department, maintaining outstanding results and promoting the subject throughout the school. You will teach up to KS4, engaging and motivating candidates to reach their highest potential. The School: \"Outstanding\" OFSTED rated school with a fantastic reputation Mixed comprehensive with a strong sixth form The Head Teacher and staff have a strong vision to empower their students, meaning they can take control of their own future. The school has been serving and teaching students in Harrow for a number of years and works as a close community.They are looking for a candidate who ideally has:- Qualifications to work in the UK (QTS, PGCE or NARIC approved)- Broad subject knowledge of the English and/or Media Syllabus - Proven experience in special educational needs teaching- Strong communication skills- Experience working in the UK school curriculum Benefits of working with Reed Education:When you work with Reed Education, you will have access to a range of expertise and advice as well as benefits. We can provide you with: Competitive pay rates 24/7 access to a personal consultant who is an expert in Education recruitment The ability to sign up to our Reed rewards, discount and pension schemes Access to a huge range of teaching opportunities through our network of branches across England and WalesIf you have any questions, then don't hesitate to contact your local Reed Education branch, we would love to speak to you and help you figure out the next step in your career. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Lewisham Education"	"Lewisham Education"	"JS3561_36798733/600486002"	"10/12/2018 07:03:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEJ"	NA
"Fully Qualified Functional Skills Teacher"	"GBP"	"New Milton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Fully Qualified Functional Skills Teacher"	"New Milton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching personnel are the UK leading education staffing provider, working with a large number of excellent schools within the Dorset area. We are looking for a Fully Qualified Teacher who is looking for full time or part time roles for the rest of the academic year and leading in to September 2019.The school we represent prides itself in providing the highest quality education for young people who are unable to access mainstream education. The key to the success is the schools passion for learning and its commitment to each individual student.The successful candidate must hold a UK recognised Qualified Teaching Status (QTS) or any similar teaching qualifications such as PGCE with a relevant UK degree. Strong behaviour management and a passion for teaching are also essential for this role.In return we can offer you:Brilliant rates paying up to £110 per day for supply work and higher for longer term roles.Access to our CPD courseEarn £50 for our referral schemeAn excellent path into working with schools in your local area.To apply for this role and benefit from the excellent relationship Teaching Personnel has with its schools; please email your CV to the details below. If this role is not suitable for you, we do have similar roles in Poole and Christchurch so please get in contact to enquire about those roles too.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"New Milton, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS09C30968/603304276"	"12/12/2018 13:17:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm6ll"	NA
"Supply Teacher - Leicester"	"110.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Leicestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Supply Teacher - Leicester"	"Leicestershire - 110.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Prospero Teaching is looking got Supply Teachers to work in schools across Leicester. Acting as a work-finding service, we provide supply cover to a range of Secondary schools across Leicester. We are looking for Teachers to cover classes from KS3-KS5 and who have strong behaviour management skills and are passionate about teaching. Prospero Teaching work with both newly qualified teachers and experienced teachers by helping you find your next position. Some contracts may be extended from day to day bookings to longer term cover. The successful candidate will have the following: QTS,QTLS, PGCE, EYFS or equivalent Previous experience working in a school Up to date Safeguarding training issued in last year (desirable however not essential as we can provide) To be eligible for this role through Prospero Teaching, you must: Hold right to work in the UK Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application Provide two professional child related references If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV. Unfortunately, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy. "	"Leicestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"JS3561_36793454/600486181"	"10/12/2018 07:03:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEC"	NA
"Maths 2nd in charge"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Maths 2nd in charge"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Maths teacherTradewind are recruiting! Are you looking for you next role teaching Maths in Newham? Are you available from January 2019? If so please contact Tradewind Recruitment today. We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and innovative teacher of Mathematics to join an experienced team. The successful candidate will be able to show the motivation and commitment required to achieve ambitious targets for the pupils they teach. This position would suit either a newly qualified teacher, or a more experienced colleague who would like to utilise, and further develop their leadership skills. In choosing successful candidates, the panel will be seeking outstanding classroom teachers with the ability to embrace and deliver the vision of the Trust, Salary: Competitive, Inner London, plus benefits This client has high expectations of staff to work together to:*Work towards and support the school vision and objectives outlined in the school development plan.*Actively foster the ethos and values of the school.*Build an expectation of high achievement for all.*Support the pastoral care of students.*Help to create the best environment to promote and secure the achievement of students and staff.*Build an exceptional understanding of what outstanding provision looks like in their subject.*Comply with and support at all times the school's policies and procedures on safeguarding of students.*Contribute to the school's programme of enrichment activities.*Work with the school's Health & Safety Policy to ensure a safe working environment for all.*Maintain high professional standards of attendance, punctuality, appearance and conduct.*Uphold and enhance the school's reputation by ensure positive, courteous relations with students, parents, colleagues and other stakeholders.*Engage actively in CPD for self and colleagues.*Be willing to go above and beyond expected levels of commitment to ensure the success of the school.*Manage budget in line with areas of responsibility.*Be proactive in ensuring appropriate allocation of resources, and evaluate against outcomes.*Undertake other reasonable duties related to the role as required from time to time.Leadership*Lead by example, providing inspiration and motivation, and embody for the staff, students, governors, parents and the wider community, the vision, purpose and leadership of the school.*Take part in activities to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of teaching and learning within the school, proactively engaging with peer observations and focus upon the raising and maintaining of standards and expectations.*Provide leadership that secures the delivery of high standards and attainment for all students and be responsible for the organisation, management and control of your classes.*Monitor, evaluate and intervene to ensure all students are working towards making expected progress.*Encourage interaction and teamwork within the department, sharing ideas and new initiatives identifying new ways of teaching your subject area and contributing to wider CPD opportunities.*Challenge staff under-performance at all levels and ensure corrective action and follow up.*Plan, chair and organise meetings as appropriate and as scheduled. *Carry out any other reasonable duties and specific school-wide tasks as directed by the Principal.Teaching and Learning*Lead by example as a teacher, achieving high standards of pupil attainment and progress, behaviour and motivation through effective teaching.*Provide highly effective teaching and learning opportunities within your subject area.*Create a learning environment that is positive, affirming and supportive. *Keep up to date with creative and innovative practices in teaching and learning, and use as appropriate.*Lead the department, standards, target setting, assessment and reporting.*Ensure that the students enjoy a safe and healthy environment in which standards of behaviour support learning and the social development of students.*Develop successful and inclusive approaches to teaching, including supporting students with special educational needs and disabilities and of the more able.*Achieve a harmonious and supportive community through effective relationships with staff and students.*Provide regular, written feedback in the form of a learning dialogue to students and ensure that they are given opportunities to react and respond to this feedback.If this sounds like a role you would be interested please or to find out about other leadership teaching opportunities contact, Business Manager, directly for further information."	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"JS3561_36801531/600711384"	"10/12/2018 07:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgD8"	NA
"Upper KS2 - ASAP start - £150 per day"	"150.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Unspecified"	"Upper KS2 - ASAP start - £150 per day"	"Hounslow, London - 150.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"* Upper KS2 Teacher. * January 2019. * Hounslow. * Full time, Permanent position. * Generous London weighted salary. Summary: - Upper KS2 Teacher Veritas Education are currently looking for an upper KS2 Teacher on behalf of a highly regarded primary school based in the West London borough of Hounslow. The school would be able to offer the Teaching position across Year 5 or 6 due to staff rearrangements, the role would also be accompanied by a generous London weighted salary. The School: - Upper KS2 Teacher Based in the London borough of Hounslow the school benefits from excellent transport links and a tight knit community. The combination of excellent fund-raising and generous council budgets have led to well-resourced and state of the art facilities. The staff are all very close with strong relationships formed between teachers, students and parents alike. The Position: - Upper KS2 Teacher Upper KS2 TeacherGenerous London weighted salaryExcellent CPD opportunities availableExtracurricular activities available when requiredCandidate requirements: - Upper KS2 Teacher Qualified Teacher StatusFriendly PersonalityPrevious KS2 Teaching experience beneficialNewly Qualified Teachers Encouraged to applyAPPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36720972/590369496"	"13/12/2018 09:03:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIEX"	NA
"Business Studies teaching role - Sutton - January 2019 MPS/UPS"	"150.00 Daily - 250.00 Daily £150 - £250/day GBP"	"Sutton, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies teaching role - Sutton - January 2019 MPS/UPS"	"Sutton, Surrey - 150.00 Daily - 250.00 Daily £150 - £250/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Business and Economics Teacher - Sutton - £150 to £250 per day!An exciting opportunity for a Business Studies and Economics Teacher to join and contribute to a wonderful school in Sutton, if you are passionate about Business Studies and wish to provide first class education, then this may be the role for you!About the role:. A wonderful Secondary school in Sutton requires a Business and Economics Teacher to join them (NQT/QTS).. The role is to support KS3-KS5 students.. Sutton based secondary school.. January 2019 start.. £150 to £250 per day!About you:To be successful you need to be a qualified teacher who is passionate and knowledgeable about your subject and possesses the ability to teach consistently at an outstanding level. Whether you are at the start of your career or an expert teacher we focus on what attributes you will bring to the school and most importantly what impact you will have on our students.We at Teaching Personnel feel it is important to hire for the right attitude which is why we look for teachers that are enthusiastic, focused and resilient to the day to day pressures that teaching brings.Business and Economics Teacher - Sutton - £150 to £250 per day! Additionally you must meet the following criteria:. Eligible to work in the UK.. Hold QTS.. Knowledge of the UK curriculum.. Possess two valid classroom based references.. Hold a Child Workforce Only DBS which is also registered on the Online Update Service.The school is highly academic with excellent results, so you will be able to fully utilise your knowledge. Students come from a mixture of backgrounds, with the school catering for an above average EAL meaning all lessons need to be inclusive for all. Found in Sutton, South London, this school is easily accessible by overground, underground and bus.The school is a small, inclusive secondary school where every member of the community is truly valued. Every pupil is encouraged to achieve excellence by working hard, continuously improving, growing spiritually and thinking of others. The Head believes that with the right amount of encouragement, challenge and support, their pupils will improve their learning and ethical appreciation of how to develop into responsible young adults. If you believe that this is the role for you, please send your CV or call .All successful candidates will be invited to our office at London Bridge for an interview.Business and Economics Teacher - Sutton - £150 to £250 per day!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see (url removed)/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see (url removed)/privacy-notice "	"Sutton, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 Daily - 250.00 Daily £150 - £250/day GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS209127830/604640358"	"13/12/2018 11:02:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBG"	NA
"Year 3&Year 5 Teacher-West Hampstead- Camden-Immediate/Jan 2019"	"663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Year 3&Year 5 Teacher-West Hampstead- Camden-Immediate/Jan 2019"	"London - 663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Year 3/Year 5 Teacher - KS2-Primary School in West Hampstead- Immediate start/January 2019 There is an exciting opportunity at an 'Outstanding', Primary School in the London borough of Camden, to begin as soon as possible, as well as in January 2019. This primary school has excellent transport links, tubes, buses; minutes walk away from West Hampstead stations/Kilburn High Road station and just one bus away from Central London! The Head Teacher of this friendly school are searching for a Year 3 or Year 5, teacher dependent on the suitability of the candidate. There are ample opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. The Teacher will be appointed on a Long Term/Permanent contract and will be offered plentiful CPD opportunities. This opportunity is suitable for Newly Qualified Teachers (NQT's) and those with more experience (QTS). Inclusion is at the heart of everything they do at this school. They strongly believe that their role is to provide a warm, friendly, safe place for children, no matter what their starting points in life are. At this school, the children develop a love of learning, create long lasting relationships, discover and celebrate their hidden talents, and express their individuality.  Year 3/Year 5 TeacherKey Stage 2 TeacherImmediately/January 2019Long Term/Permanent Contract 3 form entryExperienced TeachersNQTs welcomeRated 'Outstanding schoolLocation: West Hampstead/Kilburn-Borough: Camden TownMPS/UPS inner LondonThis Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their established senior leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. Planning for lessons will be shared between the teachers to combine ideas and reduce work-load. The Head Teacher allows all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons. The successful teacher should offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of their teaching assistant in class. The ideal teacher will be carefully selected and should hold specialist subject interests, intellect and ambition to develop as a teacher. The Primary school in West Hampstead promises to offer a wide variety of training courses to ensure a continuing advancement in teacher's capability. The successful teacher will become a part of a warm, welcoming environment, with an enthusiastic, motivated and knowledgeable team. If you would like to apply for this position, please submit your CV ASAP. OR, alternatively send an updated version of your CV to:  Interviews will commence shortly for this role. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36508121/596906877"	"13/12/2018 07:03:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmc"	NA
"Media studies teaching role - Greenwich - January 2019 -MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Media studies teaching role - Greenwich - January 2019 -MPS/UPS"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media studies Teacher - Greenwich - £150 to £250 per day!An exciting opportunity for a Media studies teacher to join and contribute to a wonderful school in Greenwich, if you are passionate about Media Studies and wish to provide first class education, then this may be the role for you!About the role:A wonderful Secondary school in Greenwich requires a Media studies to join them (NQT/QTS).The role is to support KS3-KS5 students.Greenwich based secondary school.January 2019 start£150 - £250About you:To be successful you need to be a qualified teacher who is passionate and knowledgeable about your subject and possesses the ability to teach consistently at an outstanding level. Whether you are at the start of your career or an expert teacher we focus on what attributes you will bring to the school and most importantly what impact you will have on our students.We at Teaching Personnel feel it is important to hire for the right attitude which is why we look for teachers that are enthusiastic, focused and resilient to the day to day pressures that teaching brings. Additionally you must meet the following criteria:Eligible to work in the UK.Hold QTS.Knowledge of the UK curriculum.Possess two valid classroom based references.Hold a Child Workforce Only DBS which is also registered on the Online Update Service.The school is highly academic with excellent results, so you will be able to fully utilise your knowledge. Students come from a mixture of backgrounds, with the school catering for an above average EAL meaning all lessons need to be inclusive for all. Found in Greenwich, South East London, this school is easily accessible by overground, underground and bus.The school is a small, inclusive secondary school where every member of the community is truly valued. Every pupil is encouraged to achieve excellence by working hard, continuously improving, growing spiritually and thinking of others. The Head believes that with the right amount of encouragement, challenge and support, their pupils will improve their learning and ethical appreciation of how to develop into responsible young adults. If you believe that this is the role for you, please send your CV today!All successful candidates will be invited to our office at London Bridge for an interview.Media studies Teacher - Greenwich - £150 to £250 per day!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS6B6F0A02/603320514"	"12/12/2018 09:13:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Qo"	NA
"Year 5 Teacher-Primary-Finchley Central- Barnet-Jan 2019"	"GBP"	"Barnet, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Teacher-Primary-Finchley Central- Barnet-Jan 2019"	"Barnet, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Year 5 Primary Teacher- Key Stage 2- Finchley Central - January 2019 start * Year5/6: Key Stage 2- Primary Teacher*Jan 2019 (immediate start)* Long Term/Full Time** Ofsted  'Good' school* Two form Entry school* NQT's Welcome- QTS (required)* Location: Finchley Central- Barnet * MPS/UPS inner London Are you a recent NQT looking for a great school to begin your career?  OR, perhaps you are an experienced teacher looking to progress your career? If the answer to the above questions is YES, then this post could be for you!There is an exciting opportunity at a Primary School located in Finchley Central, borough of Barnet, to begin next academic year. This friendly Primary school are searching for ideally a teacher who is interested to be a year 5 or 6 class teacher for January joining them on an immediate start, dependent on the suitability of the candidate. There are ample opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. The successful candidate will be appointed on a Long term contract and will be offered plentiful CPD training opportunities. This opportunity is suitable for Newly Qualified Teachers (NQT's) and those with more experience (QTS). This position is a long term/Full time position with the prospect of becoming permanent. If you feel as though, this already sounds like a little bit of you, then carry on reading! This Primary school is rated 'Good' by Ofsted with Outstanding aspects as this school strongly projects a warm, friendly and safe environment for all the students regardless of any circumstances. This vibrant school has fully resourced classrooms and magnificent children who are eager to learn causing one to feel a sense of pleasure teaching them every day. At this school, the children develop a love for learning, create long lasting relationships and have the freedom to express a sense of creativity and their individuality.This Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their well-established leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. The Head Teacher permits all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons, as they are very supportive and attentive with new staff members joining their team. This support will be exemplified when teachers are planning for lessons, as power points will be distributed between KS2 teachers in order to gain insight, ideas and reduce work-load. The successful candidate will be expected to offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of the classroom teaching assistant.To become a part of a welcoming, enthusiastic environment, and a supportive team, then why not apply for this position? If you would like to apply for this position, then please submit your CV ASAP.OR, alternatively email: Interviews for this position will start immediately.  "	"Barnet, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS9B104752/599779262"	"10/12/2018 07:09:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJa"	NA
"Business Studies/Computing/ICT Job - Basingstoke - January 2019"	"20k - 35k Annual £20k - £35k/annum GBP"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire"	"Contract"	"Business Studies/Computing/ICT Job - Basingstoke - January 2019"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire - 20k - 35k Annual £20k - £35k/annum GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies, Computer Science and ICT Teacher - Basingstoke - January 2019.We have an excellent opportunity for a Business Studies, Computer Science and ICT teacher to undertake a long term role at a great school in Basingstoke, to start in January 2019This Business Studies, Computer Science and ICT position is in Basingstoke and you will need to be able to teach to KS4.To be considered for this Business Studies, Computer Science and ICT role in Basingstoke you will need:. Qualified Teacher Status or equivalent. Excellent subject knowledge. Good communication skills. The ability to motivate and inspire your students.Students at this school are encouraged to identify challenges and find creative solutions which ensure success. The school is one of those rare places where academic excellence and an expectation of the highest standard in everything they do, co-exist with our caring and supporting ethos.By working as a Business Studies, Computer Science and ICT Teacher with CER you will benefit from: - Excellent rates of pay - A fast clearance process in order to get you out to work as soon as possible- A great range of courses to enhance your own CPD.So if you are ready to take the next exciting step in your career, then please register your interest by applying via the link below, or contacting Steve Whitworth on (Apply online only) in the CER Southampton office, to discuss the job in more detail "	"Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"20k - 35k Annual £20k - £35k/annum GBP"	"CER Education"	"CER Education"	"JS209112344/604641719"	"13/12/2018 11:02:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBD"	NA
"Business Studies"	"42k Annual"	"Merton, London"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies"	"Merton, London - 42k Annual"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"A Secondary Academy is looking for a Teacher who specialises in Business Studies to start in January or sooner. This is a great opportunity to join a hard-working Business department in a high-achieving successful school. Well managed school Supportive parent body Well established behaviour management policy is applied tirelessly by senior staff who back teachers Good programme of internal and external CPD Opportunities to contribute to a varied programme of Extra-Curricular activities The school will contribute to the Teachers' Pension Scheme The successful Candidate will need to be:  You are a qualified ICT teacher and you have experience teaching ICT and Business Studies up to Key Stage 5  You are flexible, adaptable and have what it takes to succeed teaching in a secondary environment. UK experience preferred. This Academy Group believes in creating great places to work for teachers, leaders and support staff. They believe there is no better place to grow your career, with outstanding development opportunities, career path, and support from inspirational colleagues across this school's network, and a generous benefits and rewards package. "	"Merton, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36748553/592833260"	"12/12/2018 09:04:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Ii"	NA
"Maths Middle Leader | Sept 19 | Top Performing in Maths"	"35k - 50k Annual £35k - £50k/annum MPS - UPS GBP"	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths Middle Leader | Sept 19 | Top Performing in Maths"	"Tower Hamlets, London - 35k - 50k Annual £35k - £50k/annum MPS - UPS GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Maths Middle Leader - Tower HamletsAre you a Maths Teacher looking to make the next step in your Maths Teaching career?Then surround yourself with inspirational individuals as you become a Maths Middle Leader at this well supported school in Tower Hamlets!*Maths Middle Leader position available as a Permanent, Full-Time position*Outstanding secondary school & sixth form in Tower Hamlets*Maths Middle Leader to start in January 2019*Top performing Maths department 89% A*-C pass for GCSE*Maths Middle Leader salary £28,098.00-£46,829.00 per annumMaths Middle Leader SpecificationThe successful applicant will be a dynamic experienced teacher seeking greater responsibility or a current inspirational Maths Middle Leader who is looking to prove themselves in a new environment. The ideal Maths Middle Leader will be someone who is able to deliver effective training programmes to colleagues and provide an adaptable teaching approach, with ability to cater for all pupils in the class.About the Maths Middle Leader RoleAs a Maths Middle Leader at this school you will be managing a team of ten committed Maths teachers and reporting directly to the Lead Practitioner for Maths. You will have the opportunity to implement your own ideas and ensure best practice is ongoing. Maths is a popular subject within the school sixth form therefore experience of teaching A-Level maths is preferred. The SchoolThis outstanding secondary school is found in Tower Hamlets and is a short walk from Whitechapel station. The school is among the top performing mainstream inner city schools in the country with Maths GCSE A*-C at 89%! Teachers at this school benefit This Maths Middle Leader position is an exceptional opportunity to advance your career and make a difference to a great community in Tower Hamlets. Send your CV over to Sophie Kelly at EduStaff and join this great school.Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted.Maths Middle Leader | Tower Hamlets | Maths Middle Leader | East London "	"Tower Hamlets, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"35k - 50k Annual £35k - £50k/annum MPS - UPS GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS209161568/604635260"	"13/12/2018 09:03:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIDk"	NA
"Maths Middle Leader Sept 19 Top Performing in Maths"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Middle Leader Sept 19 Top Performing in Maths"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Maths Middle Leader - Tower Hamlets Are you a Maths Teacher looking to make the next step in your Maths Teaching career? Then surround yourself with inspirational individuals as you become a Maths Middle Leader at this well supported school in Tower Hamlets! *Maths Middle Leader position available as a Permanent, Full-Time position*Outstanding secondary school & sixth form in Tower Hamlets*Maths Middle Leader to start in January 2019*Top performing Maths department 89% A*-C pass for GCSE*Maths Middle Leader salary £28,098.00-£46,829.00 per annum Maths Middle Leader Specification The successful applicant will be a dynamic experienced teacher seeking greater responsibility or a current inspirational Maths Middle Leader who is looking to prove themselves in a new environment. The ideal Maths Middle Leader will be someone who is able to deliver effective training programmes to colleagues and provide an adaptable teaching approach, with ability to cater for all pupils in the class. About the Maths Middle Leader Role As a Maths Middle Leader at this school you will be managing a team of ten committed Maths teachers and reporting directly to the Lead Practitioner for Maths. You will have the opportunity to implement your own ideas and ensure best practice is ongoing. Maths is a popular subject within the school sixth form therefore experience of teaching A-Level maths is preferred.  The School This outstanding secondary school is found in Tower Hamlets and is a short walk from Whitechapel station. The school is among the top performing mainstream inner city schools in the country with Maths GCSE A*-C at 89%! Teachers at this school benefit  This Maths Middle Leader position is an exceptional opportunity to advance your career and make a difference to a great community in Tower Hamlets. Send your CV over to Sophie Kelly at EduStaff and join this great school. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted. Maths Middle Leader | Tower Hamlets | Maths Middle Leader | East London "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36814095/603937900"	"13/12/2018 07:03:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmL"	NA
"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client are an well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy. They are looking for someone who has excellent industry knowledge and wants to be part of an ambitious education business. This is an incredibly exciting opportunity for established consultants who wants a new challenge!Are you an forward thinking individual with experience within the Education Recruitment sector? Do you want to join a team filled with thriving and exciting people? Do you want to earn a life changing salary?The successful person will have -Self-motivationA diligent and robust recruitment practiseAbility to partner with candidates and clientsAdditionally, you may have experience of -A full 360 experience within recruitmentAbility to grow a cold deskA desire to solution find and forward thinkOur client is offering you -£100k package on offerUncapped earningsPromotional pathways for growth and developmentSupportive leadership team"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Harrison Sands"	"Harrison Sands"	"JS148DE1FF/581961054"	"07/12/2018 09:08:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2n2"	NA
"Innovation Leader Drama/Performing Arts"	"3.00 Annual GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Innovation Leader Drama/Performing Arts"	"Southwark, London - 3.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a talented, qualified drama teacher who is a highly motivated middle leader and seeking a leadership post within supportive, yet challenging, academy that can offer a future Pathway to senior leadership. As Innovation Leader for Performing Arts/Drama, you will be a passionate practitioner who can lead the Department and help drive Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich towards excellence. Our Innovation Leaders are highly regarded within the academy and specialists within their field, but also hold whole school responsibilities working collaboratively with departments across the academy. At Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich, our Innovation Leaders hold similar responsibilities to a Lead Practitioner so would suit existing Lead Practitioners, or potentially, an aspiring lead practitioner. This is a fantastic opportunity to lead an established and successful department at a thriving academy where you will have excellent opportunities to engage in academy improvement and professional development activities across the wider Harris Federation. The successful applicant will be resilient, creative and a dynamic practitioner, and must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant degree. You will be fully supported through a comprehensive Induction Programme both within and across the Harris Federation. Leaders with the Harris Federation receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich: Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich opened in September 2009 and is judged Outstanding by Ofsted. Our vision is clear: nothing is impossible and everything is possible, irrespective of personal characteristics or background. Every problem has a solution. We believe we are more robust, resilient and determined as a team than as a group of individuals. We support, challenge and hold each other to account at all levels within the academy to ensure that our students achieve their potential, are motivated, engaged and fully prepared for life beyond our academy. The academy's specialisms are Enterprise and Sport with a 'can-do' ethos of always improving upon your personal best. We have now reached our full capacity of 750 students across Years 7 to 11 and we work in partnership with Harris Federation Post 16. In 2017, we achieved a Progress 8 score of +0.73, which places us in the top 6% of schools nationally. Why work at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich? The number seven boys' comprehensive school for student progress, which has been in the top 6% for student progress every year for the past five years Judged 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, we combine the traditional values of discipline, respect and good behaviour with contemporary best practice in teaching, learning and technology A superb group of students, teachers and support staff, led by an exceptionally experienced and supportive leadership team Excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Generous Harris rewards and benefits For a full job description and person specification, please download the Job Pack at our website via the button below.  For more information, or to arrange a visit or a confidential discussion with the Principal, please contact the academy on . Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"3.00 Annual GBP"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"JS3573_6822534/599154263"	"07/12/2018 07:06:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Ix"	NA
"Computer Science NQT"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Computer Science NQT"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Attention Computer Science Teachers*Academics is looking for a computer science teacher to work in a college in central London.They are looking for someone to start straight away.If you have UK expiernce working in schools or colleges then please apply now!* Computer Science Teacher* ASAP Start* Central LondonApply now and call on for more details "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSEF57F62E/599178611"	"10/12/2018 07:10:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJ3"	NA
"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"Merton, London"	"Permanent"	"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"Merton, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media studies teaching job - KS3/KS4 - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS.JOB DESCRIPTIONMedia Studies Teacher required for an exceptional school in Merton, South London they are looking for a Media teacher to join them in January and to teach across Key Stages 3 and 4. The school has excellent English/Media Faculty and the school is looking for a teacher on a full time basis. This is a great opportunity to work in an outstanding school. The school is keen to meet teachers ASAP, ideally in the next few weeks.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is based in a lovely area in Merton, South London and the school was rated as \"Outstanding\" by OFSTED in its last inspection. The school was newly opened in 2006 and has superb facilities in all departments. The school has a very good level of behaviour and the academic standards are very high, and this is reflected in their exam results. They believe students should take responsibility for their learning and their actions. The pupils are encouraged to be challenged in lessons and to understand that learning is not always about getting the right answer.\"Outstanding\" OFSTED report.81% + at GCSE level 5 GCSE or moreFantastic facilitiesEstablished Media DepartmentFriendly staff and good working environmentApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Media Studies teachers and overseas trained Media Studies teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Thomas on today!REQUIREMENTSAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Merton, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC7E2F0F1/604364356"	"13/12/2018 09:12:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnILW"	NA
"Supply Teachers Greater Manchester"	"GBP"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Teachers Greater Manchester"	"Manchester, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Supply teaching Greater Manchester - Trafford, Stockport and TamesideAre you a qualified teacher looking for regular supply work in secondary schools? Teaching Personnel are the market leading education agency and have been working with schools since 1996.Our Manchester location and specifically the Manchester Secondary South Branch are extremely busy with short term cover bookings for qualified teachers, regardless of your subject if you have QTS and can comfortably teach cross curricular we would love to hear from you.We cover the Greater Manchester region including; Trafford, Stockport and Tameside. If you are a qualified secondary teacher with QTS or NQT status and a good classroom presence then apply straight away and register for supply work in the busiest term of the year. Benefits to teachers registering for supply work with Teaching Personnel include;Regular work to suit your circumstances, full of part time supply teachingTeach in schools that would suit your style, whether that's challenging or notNegotiable rate of pay, £500-£600 per weekAccess to an online diary to change your availability whenever requiredWhether you have come away from permanent teaching for a break or if you have been teaching on supply for some time and would like to gain work in more schools, please get in touch straight away.To register for supply teaching, please send a CV through to Flo in the secondary branch or call .All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSE3453334/603320550"	"12/12/2018 13:18:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm6mS"	NA
"Teachers required - supporting young people within care system"	"GBP"	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Teachers required - supporting young people within care system"	"Tower Hamlets, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Experienced Teachers Required - Working with young people within the care systemAre you an experienced primary, secondary or SEN teacher seeking a new challenge away from classroom teaching?Would you be interested in a role working with young people within the care system?Are you looking for a role that is 3 - 5 days per week?* Non teaching role* Role working with young people within the care system* East London based* January start* Flexible working days* Long term supplyMy client, an East London based organisation that work with young people within the care system are looking for two experienced teachers to join the team from January.This may be the ideal role if you are an experienced teacher with varied experienced and are looking to get away from classroom teaching.The main duties of this role will be to visit schools, liaise with Head teachers, social workers and external agencies in regards to the pupils you are supporting.The current team is a mixture of experienced primary/secondary and SEN teachers who have picked up a good range of varied experiences within their teaching career.All teachers work on a long term supply basis at the school. Some of the teachers have worked for the organisation for over 7 years.The school open to teachers who can commit to 3- 5 days per week.To apply for this role please send an up to date CV or call James at Academics on  "	"Tower Hamlets, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS6F65D6F3/599779428"	"08/12/2018 11:04:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDiD"	NA
"Support Workers"	"GBP"	"Norfolk"	"Permanent"	"Support Workers"	"Norfolk - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	" Experienced Support Workers needed for day to day, medium and longer term placements.Teach Ltd is a local specialist Teacher and Support Staff supply agency. We always want to welcome local Support Staff to join our friendly team. Please get in touch if you are available - we are looking for both full and part time teachers to join us. We offer great rates of pay, a supportive team behind you, free certified training courses and the opportunity to try working at a variety of local schools. Please get in touch anytime - call the office on or email us at  We look forward to hearing from you."	"Norfolk, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teach Norfolk"	"Teach Norfolk"	"JS6295_329918375/597370301"	"07/12/2018 09:09:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o6"	NA
"SUPPLY TEACHING - GUARANTEED PAY AND FREE CPD"	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SUPPLY TEACHING - GUARANTEED PAY AND FREE CPD"	"London - 130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Daily Supply Teachers Daily and Long-Term Primary KS1/2 Supply Teachers are required for work between 1-5 days ASAP, regular work available until end of July 2019. Empowering Learning is a Teacher training and placement consultancy based in London currently looking for teachers to work in our schools across North West London. Are you a qualified primary teacher looking to work between 1-5 days per week and would like the flexibility to choose the days you want to work? Empowering Learning are working closely with various schools that require fully qualified teachers to support their day to day and short-term needs covering sickness, schools trips, PPA time etc. By working with the Empowering Learning team you will have: - Guaranteed pay- Free CPD- Regular opportunities to work in a variety of schools in North West London. Our priority is to offer you regular work within a 60 minutes commute. However, on average our teachers' journeys are less than 30 minutes. - A dedicated consultant who attends to all business needs- Advance bookings keeping you pre-booked for short term and daily cover- Optional trial days and opportunities to find permanent work To be successful in your application you must possess the following: QTS or equivalentUp to date knowledge of the National CurriculumPrevious experience of working in a mainstream schoolStrong communication skills and behaviour management skillsA passion for education and working with childrenNQTs are welcome to applyIf you meet the criteria above, register now with your up to date CV and I will be in touch with a follow up call ASAP so please Apply now.Top of Form Thank you. Jack Evagora Empowering Learning is a teacher training and placement consultancy who specialise in the training and placement of both overseas and UK trained teachers. We have ex Ofsted Inspectors, QTS Specialists and ex Leadership Teachers working in the office to support all our staff throughout their journey. We are also in partnership with Sunderland University who provide support and guidance before granting successful trainees with QTS. In addition to the above we also supply day to day, short term and long-term cover as well as permanent staffing and are currently working with multiple primary schools across London recruiting for day/day and long-term supply teachers.  Empowering Learning Ltd is a committed Equal Opportunities Employer and therefore will not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, ethnicity, disability or sexual orientation. Please note that successful applicants will be asked to apply for an enhanced DBS check via the Disclosure and Barring Service  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36736358/591561092"	"13/12/2018 07:04:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmq"	NA
"Experienced TA or HLTA req for All-boys school in Nw London"	"25k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Experienced TA or HLTA req for All-boys school in Nw London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 25k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"- Teaching Assistants Needed - All boys Secondary Faith School based within the SEN Department - North West London - ASAP Start We are currently looking for Experienced Teaching Assistants, HLTA or Newly Qualified Teacher who are open to support work to work within All-boys secondary Faith School located in North West London. This is for an ASAP start and is on a full time perm basis. We are ideally looking for proactive and enthusiastic candidates with a real drive to make a difference. The role  If you have a love for working with young students and truly desire to make a difference to their learning experience, supporting them to achieve their goals and ultimate desires, enabling them to move on to a prosperous future, this role is perfect for you. You must be an experienced Teaching Assistant with strong literacy and numeracy knowledge. To be considered a real asset to the school, you must demonstrate: Experience of working with Special Educational Needs or open to gaining experience in SENIdeally HLTA or very experiencedConfidently able to provide 1:1 and small group support workA genuine passion for education and supporting the development of othersStrong interpersonal skillsGreat organisational skills with a friendly and professional manorThe school The School is an exciting place to work and learn as they take seriously the fact that their children and young people only get one chance at an excellent education. To this end they strive to ensure that everyone in the School community is able to take advantage of the best available facilities and opportunities during their time with them. They aim to equip their children and young people with the skills necessary for life in an ever-changing, highly technological world whether it be their intention to progress through their sixth form and on to university or into employment. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to Joe Inglis or give him a call on  We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of SEN schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"25k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36527868/596908232"	"13/12/2018 07:02:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHkn"	NA
"Full-Time Tutor"	"GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Full-Time Tutor"	"Southwark, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description A specialist school that caters for secondary aged students with social, emotional and mental health needs are currently seeking an Unqualified Teacher/Tutor to primarily deliver English to two separate classes of six students. This is a full time position and required a strong knowledge in Literacy and GCSE English.The successful candidate will be responsible for liaising with the Head of Department and constructing lesson plans and Educational Health Plans. Each of these students are no longer attending mainstream schools for various reasons, such as facing depression and anxiety, low confidence and self-esteem, speech and language difficulties, as well as a wide range of other mental health issues. It is important to create a nurturing and caring environment as these students can struggle with social skills, therefore close consideration needs to be taken in to account when planning and delivering lessons.Extra-curricular activities is a huge focus for this school as these students may have never been put in to social and team building activities. Life out of school may lack structure and direction, therefore creating a life away from education as well as in is very important.The school currently have two sites, both within the Borough of Croydon.Requirements:Completed degree.Experience leading classes.Strong subject knowledge and proven track record in English and Literacy up to GCSE.Experience working with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health).Desire to progress."	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSEDD98D2C/600718573"	"10/12/2018 07:07:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIM"	NA
"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"GBP"	"New Milton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"New Milton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are working closely with a SEMH Provision in the New Milton area in order to provide a committed and enthusiastic Teacher of Science for a permanent role, starting in January 2019.The SchoolThe school is a 7-16 Academy which provides a safe and supportive environment for young people aged between 7 and 16 who are trying to overcome their emotional and medical barriers to learning. Sometimes, these barriers generate behavioural challenges that also result in them struggling to succeed in a mainstream school.The TeacherThe school require a Fully Qualified Teacher, specialising in Science, ideally they will have some Alternative Provision/Special School experience and have experience in running their own department. Due to the nature of the role, the Teacher will excellent behavioural management skills and/or experience.The RoleTo be accountable for leading, managing and developing Science within the school;To be accountable for student progress so that each individual student achieves their optimum level across all science disciplines and ensuring that effective strategies are in place to further raise standards of student attainment and achievement;To ensure the provision of an appropriately broad, balanced, relevant and differentiated curriculum for students studying within the department, in accordance with the aims of the school and the curricular policies determined by the Governing Body and the Headteacher;To ensure the effective management and deployment of teaching/support staff, financial and physical resources within the department;To ensure the development and enhancement of the teaching practice of others;To ensure that Health and Safety procedures are adhered to at all times by all members of the department;To play a full part in the life of the school community, to support its distinctive vision and ethos and to encourage and ensure staff and students follow this example.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"New Milton, Hampshire, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS59E4E8A8/582371618"	"07/12/2018 09:16:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2vs"	NA
"SENCO - Primary School - Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Contract/Permanent"	"SENCO - Primary School - Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"SENCO - Primary School - Birmingham  Tempest Resourcing are currently recruiting for a SENCO to join a primary school based in Birmingham.  The Position of SENCO:  - Providing full support to pupils. Invovled in referrals, assessments and liaising with outside agencies and parents. - Experience of working as a 'Qualified Teacher' or SENCo is desirable. - Candidates with the SENCo qualification is advantageous but not vital. - ASAP start. (Temp, Perm)  Requirements of SENCO - Must be an experienced Teacher with QTS have a minimum of 6 months experience of supporting children or young people in a SENCo capacity. - Applicants with QTS or SENCo qualification will have a significant advantage. Knowledge Good working knowledge of a range of SEN and disabilitiesKnowledge of the Children and Families legislation including the SEN Code of PracticeKnowledge of other related legislation, including legislation governing Adult Social Care, the Children Act and safeguarding processesKnowledge of the Equality Act particularly in relation to children and young people with disabilitiesUnderstanding of and commitment to person centred approaches, personalisation and key working functionsThorough knowledge of the services and agencies which might be involved in EHC assessments and EHC Plan deliverySENCO - Primary School - Birmingham  "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Tempest Resourcing"	"Tempest Resourcing"	"JS3561_36695691/587593504"	"13/12/2018 07:04:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHms"	NA
"Science Graduate - Teaching Assistant - Peckham - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Lewisham, London"	"Permanent"	"Science Graduate - Teaching Assistant - Peckham - January 2019"	"Lewisham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Graduate - Teaching Assistant - Peckham - January 2019A thriving secondary school in Peckham is looking for a science graduate to become a teaching assistant and help maintain their quality teaching environment. This teaching assistant role will include helping the teacher to deliver planned content, maintaining discipline and working with specific students to keep pace with the rest of the class.About the role:A co-ed secondary school rated ' Good' by OfstedA candidate with a 2:1 or a 1st in biology, chemistry or physicsA great chance to gain experience for a PGCEA chance to help students pass their exams£70 - £75 per school dayExperience with children is great but by no means necessaryFor this role, the candidate will need a degree from a U.K. university and will need the desire to go on and complete a PGCE. They will also need to be able to deal with students in a 1 on 1 capacity and in small groups. If this role appeals to you, then please APPLY or call Chris on  "	"Lewisham, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBC3AD0CE/599159940"	"12/12/2018 09:13:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Q0"	"Graduate"
"Psychology Lecturer - Havant & South Downs College"	"28890.00 - 35112.00 Annual (actual salary 17,334 - 21,067) depending on experience and GBP"	"Waterlooville, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Psychology Lecturer - Havant & South Downs College"	"Waterlooville, Hampshire - 28890.00 - 35112.00 Annual (actual salary 17,334 - 21,067) depending on experience and GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Fixed term until Easter 2019 Havant and South Downs College is seeking to appoint an experienced and qualified lecturer to join the Psychology team. This position will suit an enthusiastic and engaging teacher, who enjoys working with ambitious young people, and who wishes to contribute to a successful and inspirational curriculum team. The successful candidate will have a desire for passing on skills, knowledge and experience in a rewarding further education environment, and will have a proven track record of achieving excellent levels of retention, achievement and high grades. Experience of teaching at A-level is essential. Closing date: 12 December 2018 Interview date: tbc "	"Waterlooville, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28890.00 - 35112.00 Annual (actual salary 17,334 - 21,067) depending on experience and GBP"	"Havant & South Downs College"	"Havant & South Downs College"	"JS4513_71168/601685381"	"10/12/2018 07:09:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJo"	NA
"Team Leader - A-Level"	"37516.00 - 40890.00 Annual £37516 - £40890/annum GBP"	"Kingston Upon Thames, London"	"Permanent"	"Team Leader - A-Level"	"Kingston Upon Thames, London - 37516.00 - 40890.00 Annual £37516 - £40890/annum GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"The Team Leader will be responsible for curriculum standards and outcomes for A Level qualifications.You will monitor academic staff within the A Level subjects and ensure that all A Level qualifications meet the needs, standards and requirements of all partners, such as awarding bodies, employers and higher education institutions. Coordinating schemes of work and assessment schedules, you will be involved in lesson observations to include supporting staff in capability process and mentor and support NQT's.We're looking for an individual who holds a Degree or relevant professional qualification in an appropriate subject (Maths, Law, Accounting or Economics is preferred) and who has experience of leading and managing A Levels, with a track record of making sustained improvements. Recognised as a good or better teacher, you will have a strong vision for the improvement and development of the curriculum area and have experience of successfully monitoring 'at-risk' learners to achieve or exceed their potential.We also ask that you hold a teaching qualification or are willing to achieve one in line with current regulations. Experience of managing, supporting and developing staff is desirable.The post will be based in Kingston College.Closing date for the return of a complete online application form is Friday 14th December 2018.South Thames Colleges Group is an equal opportunities employer and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults.The benefits package includes generous annual leave, pension scheme, subsidised sports facilities and professional development and training.The South Thames Colleges Group is made up of Carshalton College, Kingston College, Merton College and South Thames College, which merged on 1 August 2017. South Thames Colleges Group is one of London's largest providers of post-16 education and training and is an ongoing and significant contributor to its local communities. We aim to put students' success at the heart of everything we do.We are looking for hard-working and collaborative people who can join our team and help challenge our students to achieve and progress.This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email "	"Kingston Upon Thames, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"37516.00 - 40890.00 Annual £37516 - £40890/annum GBP"	"Blue Octopus Recruitment Limited"	"Blue Octopus Recruitment Limited"	"JS209104482/604642272"	"13/12/2018 15:04:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKrB"	NA
"Hounslow - HLTA - ASAP - £100 + per day"	"100.00 Daily - 120.00 Daily £100 - £120/day GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Permanent"	"Hounslow - HLTA - ASAP - £100 + per day"	"Hounslow, London - 100.00 Daily - 120.00 Daily £100 - £120/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Higher Level Teaching AssistantFull timePermanentLocation: HounslowStart Date: ASAPWe are looking to appoint a committed, energetic, and enthusiastic person to join our HLTA team, and work with our happy, well-behaved children.The post involves planning, delivering, and assessing learning to whole classes during teachers' PPA time, and occasionally covering for short term absence. There will also be some occasions during the week when the postholder will work under the direction of a class teacher to support quality-first teaching.We are seeking someone who:. has the drive, determination, and enthusiasm to enhance learning in our school;. posseses excellent organisational and communication skills, and has the ablity to work collaboratively with colleagues;. has a commitment to working in partnership alongside parents and the local community.We can offer:. highly motivated, well-behaved children who enjoy coming to school;. a strong team of dedicated staff who are committed to maintaining high standards;. a supportive and knowledgeable Governing Body committed to continuing school improvement.APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION. All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policy. Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explained. You must have legal right to work in the UK. You must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these.Disclaimer'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 Daily - 120.00 Daily £100 - £120/day GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment"	"Veritas Education Recruitment"	"JS209068613/604647567"	"13/12/2018 15:03:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqo"	NA
"English Graduate | Enfield, North London"	"10k - 15k Annual £10k - £15k/annum £70-£80 per day GBP"	"Enfield, London"	"Permanent"	"English Graduate | Enfield, North London"	"Enfield, London - 10k - 15k Annual £10k - £15k/annum £70-£80 per day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"English Graduate - Enfield, North London This creative secondary school have a successful track record in developing English Graduates into confident English Teaching Assistants and eventually English Teachers. With supportive leadership in place, it's the ideal environment for any English Graduate to begin a career in teaching. They are now looking for a new English Graduate to join the support team in as an English Teaching Assistant.Are you an English Graduate with a strong academic record and excellent communication skills?This role doesn't require any previous experience, just a willingness to learn and a professional approach. *English Graduate position *Graduate only role! English degree required!*Located in Enfield, North London *Weekly Pay - English Teaching Assistant pays £60-£75 Per Day* Teacher training opportunities available for those who excel in the English Graduate post * Long Term, Full-Time English Graduate position * Interviewing now!English Graduate Role * Modern and successful department - (75% A*-C grades at GCSE)* A range of experienced and Outstanding teachers in place* Ongoing training and professional development on offer to English Teaching Assistant* Working in and supporting classes up to and including A-Level* Supporting main class duties for all ability levels and ages* Leading 1-2-1 and small groups sessions* Assisting in planning, preparation and delivery of lessonsThe Enfield based Secondary School* Borough of Enfield, North London* 'Good' graded school by Ofsted* Supportive and welcoming leadership team* Approved Teacher Training secondary school* Successful track record in developing graduates into fully qualified teachersThe Ideal English Graduate .. * 2:1 or above in your degree* Must be an English or similar graduate to be considered* First class communication skills* Creative and hardworking attitude* Happy to take on general class support and 1-2-1 based duties* Aspiring English Teachers* Happy and able to relate to and support students of all ages and ability levelsPlease send you CV to Zoe Argyrou at Edustaff TODAY! Please note: due to the volume of Graduate Behaviour Mentor applications, only successful Graduate Behaviour Mentor applicants will be contacted "	"Enfield, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"10k - 15k Annual £10k - £15k/annum £70-£80 per day GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS209084915/604645217"	"13/12/2018 15:03:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKqe"	"Graduate"
"Literacy Intervention Specialist"	"55.00 Daily - 80.00 Daily £55 - £80/day Teacher Training School GBP"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Literacy Intervention Specialist"	"Guildford, Surrey - 55.00 Daily - 80.00 Daily £55 - £80/day Teacher Training School GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"An exciting and unique opportunity has arisen for a strong candidate to support teaching and learning at an Autism Specialist school in the Guildford area. The school are looking for an adaptable, flexible and resourceful individual able to cope in a high-pressure environment and deal with constantly changing priorities. Job Details. Working with a wide range of class teachers to deliver excellent teaching and learning.. Having experience working with children with special educational needs, particularly ASC is highly desirable. . Coaching children on a 1:1 or group basis.. Accompanying groups on trips.. Supporting assessment and evidencing learning. Working with the teacher to create stimulating classroom displays and learning resources. Maintaining a safe and positive environment for all learners. Creating opportunities for all learners to reach their potential, irrespective of abilityAbout The School. Amazing facilities and resources in a modern school on beautiful grounds. Flexible, term-time hours. The opportunity of working within a supportive, friendly environment in this well run and respected school.. Good opportunities for personal and career development.The Ideal Candidate. GCSE English and Maths at grade C or above.. Previous experience highly desirable.. A proven ability to work on their own initiative.. A high level of communication skills and the ability to relate positively to children and adults.. The ability to use relevant technology/equipment.. A can-do attitude.. A commitment to the happiness well-being, self-esteem and progress of everyone at the school.For more information please do not hesitate to apply below or call Ed on (Apply online only) "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"55.00 Daily - 80.00 Daily £55 - £80/day Teacher Training School GBP"	"CER Education"	"CER Education"	"JS209104231/604642303"	"13/12/2018 11:03:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBO"	NA
"Teaching Assistant- Finsbury Park- ASAP Start"	"70.00 Daily - 85.00 Daily £70 - £85/day GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Teaching Assistant- Finsbury Park- ASAP Start"	"Islington, London - 70.00 Daily - 85.00 Daily £70 - £85/day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Teaching Assistant - Finsbury Park -Primary School - ASAP Start - £70-£85 per day An 'Outstanding' Primary school in Finsbury Park are searching for a teaching assistant to join them this term. This primary school has excellent transport links, tubes, buses; minutes away from station, extremely close to North East, Camden and Central London ! Brilliant location!Do you have experience working with ASD children?Would you like to work in an 'Outstanding' Primary?Are you looking to go into Clinical or Educational Psychology? OR, perhaps you are looking to go into your teacher Training? This role requires someone who will be reliable and committed - the child needs a consistent support system and this will be a vital part of this role. This is a Two Form primary school in and the Head Teacher is searching for a teaching assistant to work 1:1 or small groups within KS2 on a long-term basis. The start date will be immediate. Initially this contract will be for the rest of the academic year, through to July 2019 with the potential to be kept on a permanent basis.Job Description:*1:1 ASD Teaching Assistant*Rated 'Outstanding' by Ofsted*Experience with ASD required*Three Form Entry*Mainstream all inclusive Primary*Graduate Level/Strong Graduate*Location: Finsbury Park*£70-£85 per day*1 year contract through to July 2019*Immediate StartThe ideal candidate will have previous experience working with Autism and ABA. The teaching assistant will be required to work with them during all lessons and to ensure they are involved in wider school life. Previous experience in a similar role is ideal for this position. It is a Full time position working 8.30am - 3pm each day.Please send through your CV and personal statement (if you have one) as soon as possible! The school are eager to begin interviews ASAP.Please apply to the advert directly or alternatively I am happy to receive applications via "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"70.00 Daily - 85.00 Daily £70 - £85/day GBP"	"Servoca Education Resourcing"	"Servoca Education Resourcing"	"JS209141215/604638816"	"13/12/2018 11:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJA2"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistant Role - Year 5 & Intervention role"	"60.00 Daily - 70.00 Daily £60 - £70/day GBP"	"Liverpool, Lancashire"	"Contract"	"Teaching Assistant Role - Year 5 & Intervention role"	"Liverpool, Lancashire - 60.00 Daily - 70.00 Daily £60 - £70/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Year 5 Teaching Assistant position, this will involve working mornings with the class and afternoons with small group intervention.This is a Full time post from Monday to Friday and will commence on Monday 7th January.The school have asked to receive CVs for suitable applicants and would like to meet them prior to the Christmas break.The school is located in North Liverpool and is easily accessible via public transport.Specific Responsibilities. Working in a Year 5 class to support children. Working with individual or groups of children, assist in ensuring pupils are kept on task and complete activities set by teachers. Deal with behavioural and special needs issues in conjunction with the teacher. Help implement lesson plans, aims and contents with the teacher. Provide feedback to pupils without reference to the teacher. Take small class of small group of pupils for defined activities. Support and work with the teacher in testing/assessmentGeneral Responsibilities:. Working alongside the Year 5 teacher to support the class. Work with challenging students away from the classroom as a respite strategy. Work external to the school site, eg on trips, educational visits etc QualificationsEssential Qualifications. Trained at least to NVQ2 standard. Basic literacy and numeracy skillsEssential Knowledge, Skills and Experience. Knowledge of the statutory requirements of equal opportunities, discrimination, health and safety, SEN & safeguarding of children. High expectations of pupils' behaviour. Ability to motivate and encourage children appropriately. Ability to work independently, supported by the teacher, with groups of or individual pupilsDesirable Knowledge, Skills and Experience. Have an understanding of curriculum, particularly literacy and numeracy requirements. Ability to contribute to a specific curriculum area or areas. Ability to apply knowledge and skills from training in practical classroom context. Knowledge of specialist qualifications or skills to deal with the needs of particularly challenging studentsEssential personal qualities. The ability to develop and maintain good professional relationships. Good communication skills and able to clarify and explain instructions clearly. Commitment to actively supporting the multi-cultural ethos of the school. Commitment to raising the levels of achievement of children of all abilities. Be committed and be able to actively demonstrate safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children.If you would like to apply for this role, please click apply or call (Apply online only) "	"Liverpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 Daily - 70.00 Daily £60 - £70/day GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS209147481/604637784"	"13/12/2018 09:03:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnID5"	NA
"Schools Business Manager"	"GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Schools Business Manager"	"Hackney, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"This organisation are currently recruiting for an accountant with a passion for working in a learning environment. As the successful candidate for this role you will be given full scope to shape and mould the role processes for organisation wide gain. You will be given unlimited opportunity to build on your existing knowledge while you report into the executive head teacher. This role is an exciting and rewarding opportunity for anyone who can show passion, flexibility and ambition. Duties to include: Preparing budgets with executive head teacher Financial modelling Maintain the schools accountancy and banking systems Act as system manager of administrative IT Organise, manage and deliver the schools non-curricular support operations Ad-hoc operations across the school To be the successful candidate you must have demonstrable experience in a similar role. Experience working with a multi million pound budget is essential for success. Previous experience in a public sector finance role is highly desirable but not essential. As the post holder you will be required to manage a team of staff, you must be a confident communicator and have previous management experience. "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Military"	NA	"GBP"	"Allen Lane Limited"	"Allen Lane Limited"	"JS7289_17863/604378174"	"13/12/2018 07:11:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHs9"	"Public Sector"
"Recruitment Consultant - Education Sector"	"GBP"	"Kingston, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - Education Sector"	"Kingston, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Job Description This is a fantastic opportunity for a driven and committed individual to join a highly successful team within our Hull office. We are a leading Education Recruitment Business in the area and have an incredible record of growing successful teams nationally. We are now looking to appoint a dedicated and motivated individual looking to further their career in recruitment.Our company is built around our people, not spreadsheets. Consultants work to individual growth plans rather than company wide KPIs and those that demonstrate autonomy are supported to build their independence and expertise. Attitude is everything in this role. You will have a successful sales, recruitment and/or education background and be keen to cross train in to the education recruitment sector. Our role requires a mixture of new business development, advertising positions, interviewing candidates, placing candidates against opportunities, arranging interviews, contract negotiation and on going customer service with both the school and the teacher.In return we offer benefits such as ongoing salary reviews linked to billings to ensure you are constantly working towards the next financial milestone, the best commission scheme in the industry, nights out, incentives, 27 days holiday increasing by 1 day per year service, free parking, short hours during the school holidays and the opportunity to work towards extra bonus payments each term. All staff receives regular structured training, appropriate 1 to 1 support and guidance from your line manager, plus external sales training to ensure you can develop your career at a pace that suits you.For further information, an informal conversation or to apply for the role please get in touch. "	"Kingston, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS35F85148/604200411"	"13/12/2018 07:04:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmo"	NA
"Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant - Slough!"	"GBP"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant - Slough!"	"Slough, Berkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description  Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant - \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in Slough - Immediate start!I am currently working with an \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in Slough who wish to recruit a talented Maths/English/Science Graduate to work as a Teaching Assistant. This is a Full time position which is available immediately. You will be joining the Learning Support Team, supporting a child with special educational needs. The opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher is available for the right candidate!.Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant *Full-time position, immediate start*Supporting a child with special educational needs *Opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher!*Outstanding Secondary School & 6th Form in Slough*£60 - £80 per day Are you a recent graduate keen to kick start your career in education?Passionate about supporting students with special educational needs?If so, then I want to hear from you today!The school sets high standards for behaviour and works closely with parents to ensure each and every student reaches their full potential. You will be working alongside highly experienced teachers who are passionate about shaping successful futures for students. A safe, supportive and inclusive environment is provided to staff and students. As a member of the Learning Support Team, you will contribute to ensuring the special educational needs provision is consistent and continually improving. You will support a student to live a fulfilling life and promote independence. To be considered for this position, you will be a strong Maths, English or Graduate who is passionate about pursuing a career in teaching. You will be highly motivated and driven to get the best out of your students. In return, the school offers an excellent induction and continued professional development programme with the opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher for the right candidate.If this sounds like the ideal role for you, please forward your CV to me without delay! "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSED70EC11/603320412"	"12/12/2018 09:18:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4T2"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistant Needed ASAP for January Start"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistant Needed ASAP for January Start"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Teaching Assistant looking for a change within schools? Are you looking for a full time post? * Learning Support/Classroom Support/Teaching Assistant * January start * Lambeth * Earn £65 to £75 per day as a Teaching Assistant * Excellent Primary School * Diverse and multi-cultural * Full time position * Graduates required Highly supportive and excellent Primary School within Lambeth are seeking a Teaching Assistant to join their team.  The support Coordinator expects a high calibre of the Teaching Assistant that want to have a future career in Education. Rated Outstanding on their Ofstead Report the pupils achieve well over the national and LEA averages in the Year 6 SATs. The pupils' personal development and well-being are outstanding. The behaviour is excellent. You will be very well supported as a Teaching Assistant in this London school. The Deputy Head Teacher is looking for a enthusiastic and charismatic TA. Someone who will hit the ground running and engage with the student, helping them to achieve their full potential. For part of the day those pupils who find literacy and numeracy challenging are given targeted and individualised group support from chosen teaching assistants - (Intervention groups). This has worked well over the years and she would want this repeated again next year. It looks great on a CV when applying for teaching courses. A major plus point of this school are its extra- curricular activities/clubs. The After school clubs are outstanding Also, the school have successful football and netball teams. The Deputy really likes those Teaching Assistants that can get involved in the school life.  The School will be trialling immediately for a January start Do not miss out - These positions are extremely sought after. If you are interested in this role, please contact Linky on 0 Cordant Group is an equal opportunities employer "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Sugarman Education"	"Sugarman Education"	"JS3561_36707701/589411800"	"12/12/2018 09:04:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4JF"	"Graduate"
"Primary Teachers Bedford Required"	"917.00 - 39406.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Bedford, Bedfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Primary Teachers Bedford Required"	"Bedford, Bedfordshire - 917.00 - 39406.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Simply Education work with a number of schools throughout Bedford and Bedfordshire to supply them with qualified teachers as and when the need arises. We supply for day-to-day, short-term, long-term and permanent vacancies and are urgently recruiting for teachers to join us. We are able to work to the individual requirements of any teacher that joins our team. We are happy to register any qualified teacher whether you are an NQT looking for your first permanent teaching role or are looking to wind down into semi-retirement working just a day a two every week. For more information please call Stephen on Requirements: As the successful Teacher you will need to;- Be a newly Qualified Teacher (NQT) or have Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) with a PGCE, GTP or Bachelor of education.- Have the ability and experience of Primary teaching - Have strong classroom management skills.- Be able to deal with challenging behaviour and a creative approach is necessary.- Be able to use your own initiative and work as part of a team.You can also utilise the numerous benefits we offer to include; - Your very own dedicated consultant - A variety of daily, short and long term positions to suit your needs - No need for completion of time sheets - Email/SMS confirmation for all bookings - ?75 reward scheme for each Teacher you introduce - Access to your own availability area via the Simply Education website where you can update your availability as and when required "	"Bedford, Bedfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"917.00 - 39406.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Simply Education Ltd"	"Simply Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36585907/603313080"	"12/12/2018 09:04:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Ib"	NA
"English and Media Graduates"	"GBP"	"Liverpool, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Graduates"	"Liverpool, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description .*English and Media graduates required .*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent job .*Excellent CPD opportunities with Teaching Personnel Teaching Personnel are working in partnership with a number of Secondary schools in Liverpool who seek to hire graduate teaching assistants for their support team on a full and part time basis. The post of Graduate teaching assistant will involve working with children who are under achieving and lacking confidence and additionally present challenging behaviours. At this time of year there is also a high demand for day to day teaching assistants so if you are available 3 days or more per week between 8.30-3.30pm, please get in touch.Applications are welcome from Graduates of all backgrounds, previous experience as working with children or vulnerable adults is desirable, if you are in the process of applying for teacher training or have a place secured for 2018/19 this opportunity to work as a graduate teaching assistant would be ideal preparation for you.*Full time temporary position employed via Teaching Personnel*Graduate teaching assistant position - L11 area*Great preparation for aspiring teachers*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent jobTeaching Personnel work with over 3000 schools nationwide; if you are looking to quickly secure work in a school and want to be considered for this position please apply straight away: Want to enquire? Email and please make sure you include a small cover letter telling us why you feel you would be right to work in these environments. The more information you give us the more we tell our schools about you! WE ARE HERE TO HELP and we want to help you succeed in a position that's right for you!Not the role for you? Call today and find out if there are any other roles which may interest you. We have a primary, secondary and SEN branch within the Liverpool office. Call today.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Liverpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS5F740050/582753975"	"11/12/2018 09:19:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmszy"	"Graduate"
"2018/19 Harris Graduate Programme: Primary"	"19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"2018/19 Harris Graduate Programme: Primary"	"London - 19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"If you are a recent graduate who is passionate about helping children achieve their potential, our Graduate Programme is for you. We believe the most effective way to experience all aspects of school life is to be based in a school environment, learning to teach with expert classroom practitioners. Our school-based Primary Teaching Assistant placements (Early Years to Key Stage 2) can be your first step on the journey towards a job as an outstanding educator. We can offer you invaluable classroom experience to help develop your knowledge and skills ahead of initial teacher education. We expect that many of our graduate Teaching Assistants will go on to complete their Initial Teacher Education (ITE) through the Harris School Direct programme. As an employee with the Harris Federation, you will receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (LGPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. We want every child in London to have the best possible education, enabling them to fulfil their potential and decide their own future. We are looking for driven, dedicated people who share our belief that every child has the potential to do well. When people like this work together, anything is achievable. The people you will be working with will support and motivate you in achieving your career ambitions. Our exceptional teachers, staff and leaders come from a wide range of backgrounds, but they all share a passionate commitment to give our students an outstanding education in an inspiring and happy school environment. If you are a recent university graduate (or will graduate in 2018) who is interested to gain initial classroom experience as a Teaching Assistant in the primary phase, we want to hear from you. We are  Working as part of a highly experienced, collaborative and talented team at one of our academies, your role will be to provide support, either as 1:1 tuition, or to small groups of students with varying abilities in Early Years, Key Stage 1 or Key Stage 2. You will be encouraging and supporting individual pupils to reach their full potential, whilst demonstrating a creative and determined attitude that will help motivate students. You will be directly supporting the students with their learning, as well as helping to organise the teaching and learning resources available to students and staff. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading academy group where we will help develop your teaching skills and offer you valuable work experience. For graduates looking to gain Qualified Teacher Status, our graduate programme is a great starting point before exploring initial teacher training where you could earn up to £30,000 for high-priority subjects. Our Harris School Direct Programme offers a PGCE, QTS and 60 Masters credits upon graduation. Apply now to see how you could accelerate your teaching career at one of our exceptional academies. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"Harris Federation"	"Harris Federation"	"JS3573_6814310/582041378"	"11/12/2018 09:17:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmsyV"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistant"	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Contract"	"Teaching Assistant"	"Southwark, London - 12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Currently looking for a male Teaching Assistant who has some experience in managing behavioural difficulties.  This casual contract role is responsible for supporting the delivery of education to an individual student(s) using creative approaches to help them reach their academic potential. The students are referred to us for a variety of reasons which mean they are not able to access mainstream education. Reasons for this include students with SEN, medical needs or those that have been permanently excluded. This role will be working alongside a teacher who is responsible for planning and leading the lesson. Some assignments will have an end date but most will be for an indeterminate amount of time. This role can be based on or offsite or a mixture of the two. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6809422/602244602"	"10/12/2018 15:54:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmjdz"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant"	"GBP"	"Tonbridge, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant"	"Tonbridge, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description A lovely two form entry primary school in Tonbridge are seeking a motivated and dedicated teaching assistant to support across year 3 and year 4 helping to deliver targeted interventions and 1:1 support. The ideal candidate would have prior experience as a Learning Support Assistant and have a clear understanding of the National Curriculum.Typical dutiesReinforce lessons presented by teachers by reviewing material with the student one-on-one or in small groupsPlanning and conducting specific interventions with individuals and groupsUtilising your skills to assist all students who may be struggling with the curriculumWorking closely with the teacher to ensure that your time and energy is best spent in a way that optimises learning for the students and classTo apply for this role you will need:A Child Workforce only DBS on the Update Service (or willing to process a new one)Be fully registered with the Education Workforce Council, full support is provided to register.Be able to provide two relevant successful references in the last 6 yearsIf you would like to apply please respond to this advert by sending your CV or call Dan at the West Kent Primary Branch onAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Tonbridge, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS051AFA9C/600698748"	"10/12/2018 07:08:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIw"	NA
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant Teaching/Child Support - Term Time"	"On Application GBP"	"Folkestone, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant Teaching/Child Support - Term Time"	"Folkestone, Kent - On Application GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Pay: Academy Range 4 We are looking for an experienced Higher Level Teaching Assistant to provide classroom support, some class cover and to run intervention groups. Are you... Dedicated? Enthusiastic? A team player? In return, we can offer... Fabulous children who want to learn Ongoing professional development A school which puts the wellbeing of the staff and pupils first We are looking for an organised and dedicated HLTA to join our team. Knowledge of best practice and the ability to inspire and support both children and adults will be a key requirement. You should have recent experience and a good understanding of the school curriculum across the primary range, including strong subject knowledge in English and Maths as the post will involve running interventions with some of the most able Year 6 pupils. This post would be suitable for someone with an interest in completing teacher training. The successful candidate will be expected to engage in lunchtime activities and supervision, so an ability to play, have fun and actively supervise is essential. In addition to this, all employees are expected to contribute to the wider life of the school community and candidates should be mindful of this when applying for the position. The working hours for this post are 32.5 hours per week, working term time plus INSET days. Close Date: 12/12/2018 at 12:00 Interviews: To be confirmed Information about the trust  Turner Schools is a Multi-Academy Trust (MAT) based in Folkestone on the beautiful Kent coast, a town recently voted among the coolest places to live in the UK. Turner Schools is committed to ensuring success without selection for our pupils by teaching them the core knowledge and life skills they need to thrive in the modern world. Our mission is to set a new standard in non-selective education, empowering our pupils with cultural capital. In this way we will contribute to the regeneration of the region; we call this mission sea-change. Turner Schools is committed to leading schools where children thrive and knowledge matters. Following Aristotle's philosophy, we believe that educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. Accordingly, we have encapsulated the Trust's ethos and values in the acronym HEART meaning we have: H: High Expectations - of yourself, of others, including in terms of aspiration for the community and children we serve, conduct and standards in the widest sense E: Enthusiasm - in attitude and to nurture it in others be they pupils/students, parents or colleagues; an A: Academic subject-based curriculum - tried and tested subjects delivered in coherent sequence R: Reading for all - achieving chronological reading age as well as love of this enabling and vital skill; and T: Teamwork - recognising that together we can achieve more than we can alone. Our HEART model gives stakeholders, staff, pupils and parents a common language. Our schools include: Folkestone All Age Academy; Morehall Primary; Martello Primary; and Turner Free School. Turner Schools is committed to providing a powerful education to local families where children thrive and knowledge matters. Turner Schools is committed to safeguarding children and promoting their welfare; it expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Any appointment is subject to thorough recruitment checks, including an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check (and checks against the barred list). We are an equal opportunities employer. To apply, please visit our website via the button below. KJT1 "	"Folkestone, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"On Application GBP"	"Turner Schools Family"	"Turner Schools Family"	"JS3573_6824387/600700341"	"10/12/2018 07:08:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIp"	NA
"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"United Kingdom - 48259.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"The College of North West London is a constituent college of the United Colleges Group (UCG), which was formed by the merger of CNWL with City of Westminster College.  UCG is based at the heart of the education sector in London. With both Colleges within the group having received a Good rating in their most recent Ofsted inspections, and with a combined turnover of c£50m, the Group has both the ambition and strength to create a lasting difference in the local communities it serves, and beyond.  This role will entail teaching generic construction skills and will cover various aspects such as Carpentry, Plumbing, Tiling, Plastering and/or Bricklaying and Electrical Installations so we are looking for a qualified teacher who has a vocational background in one of these areas with the ability to teach in all or a majority of the others at Level 1.   With extensive experience, you should be proud of the skills and the knowledge you have and want to share them with dedicated and hardworking students.   Qualified to NVQ Level 3 you'll be aware of what is required in the subject area and how best to deliver the courses.  Preparing course material and leading practical activities, you'll help our students achieve to the highest possible levels.  Whilst a teaching qualification is preferred, if you don't already have a teaching qualification we can help you get one.  This position offers 40 days paid annual leave per year plus public holidays, Occupational pension plan.Closing Date: 6th January 2019  This College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff to share this commitment. Successful candidates will be required to obtain a satisfactory enhanced criminal record disclosure.  "	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Colleges Group"	"United Colleges Group"	"JS4513_68786/592709329"	"10/12/2018 07:07:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIV"	NA
"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant!WE NEED VOLUNTEER GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANTS!Do you have an Undergraduate Degree?Do you live within City of Westminster?Do you need to further your experience in a School?Do you have 5 days available?An impressive one-form entry Primary School in the vibrant City of Westminster is seeking Graduates for their Volunteer Programme.Seeking Graduates with a Degree of 2.1 or above they are offering candidates 5 days of volunteer work within their School. This experience will, and can, offer a fantastic insight into the classroom and be a great way for an aspiring teacher to get hands-on experience with students. Ideal for Graduates who will be seeking a long term teaching assistant position, this can be a great way to \"get your foot in the door\" and receive an outstanding reference to assist your application.Being flexible in year groups they are ideally seeking Graduates for their Key Stage 2 classes; Years 3 to 6. You will be able to experience how a School runs day to day and the full responsibilities of a teaching assistant. Only going into the School for 5 days you will gain knowledge and confidence within the space of just one week - which will then help you in securing a long term TA role.To be considered you must have:An Undergraduate Degree - ideally within the last 4 yearsA bright, bubbly and friendly personalityThe drive to become a Teacher or work with children in your future careerOne week, Monday to Friday availabilityIdeally located within City of Westminster, or within commutable distance of the City of WestminsterVolunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant - find out more about why this could be perfect for you! .education and training, education and training, education and training*  "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBB321344/583700114"	"09/12/2018 17:25:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmXQK"	"Graduate"
"Head of Chemistry"	"+ TLR2c (Inner London Scale) GBP"	"England"	"Permanent"	"Head of Chemistry"	"England - + TLR2c (Inner London Scale) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Head of Chemistry Salary: MPS/UPS plus TLR 2c (Inner London Scale) Required from February 2019 (or sooner) Oaklands School is a fully inclusive school with a wealth of opportunities for all learners to achieve their full potential. Our Progress 8 Scores are well above national average for the fifth year in a row. We are a school which serves the local community and promotes co-operation, responsibility and respect. We are seeking to appoint a dynamic, ambitious and outstanding practitioner as Head of Chemistry to lead and co-ordinate the delivery of Chemistry at Key Stages 3-5. Science at Oaklands is a high achieving subject area and Chemistry is an extremely popular subject at A level. The successful candidate will be an outstanding teacher and role model for future scientists, have a proven track record of high outcomes for learners in Key Stages 3 - 5 and will be able to manage and lead a team of dedicated specialists and non-specialists alongside the Head of Faculty. Last year our results placed the Science Faculty in the top 3% nationally in terms of progress 8, with an overall value added of 1.1. The overall percentage of two A*/C was 74% while the percentages of A*/A were 70% in Biology, 78% in Chemistry and 61% in Physics. Our higher attainers were ranked in the top 0.17% nationally in terms of progress 8, with a value added score of 1.4. At Oaklands we have highly committed and dedicated staff who work very hard so that our students can achieve their high expectations. If you think you can take our Science Faculty to greater heights, we look forward to hearing from you. Oaklands is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications for all posts from appropriately qualified persons regardless of age, disability, ethnicity, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, religion or belief. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful candidate will be DBS checked. For an application pack please contact: Telephone: . Closing date for applications: 9am Monday 7th January 2019. As the position is for a February or earlier start, the school may hold interviews for suitable candidates before the application closing date.  "	"England, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ TLR2c (Inner London Scale) GBP"	"OAKLANDS SCHOOLS"	"OAKLANDS SCHOOLS"	"JS3573_6824347/600700219"	"09/12/2018 15:04:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmUcJ"	NA
"Head of Computing"	"Negotiable, depending on experience GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Computing"	"Hackney, London - Negotiable, depending on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Head of Computing Salary - Negotiable, depending on experience Start date - January or April 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy, 100 Downs Park Road, E5 8JY Mossbourne Community Academy is currently seeking an outstanding Head of Computing. The successful applicant will be passionate about teaching Computer Science and about developing students as curious learners who will become fluent in the technical models and theories in computing. They will inspire students to appreciate the richness and diversity of the computing world by engaging with current trends. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successful Computer Science teaching across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Computing courses. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away.  Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development NQT Training Programme  Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership  Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. In order to apply for this position please follow the link to our website via the button below. NB: Applications may be considered whilst the post is being advertised. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline  \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Negotiable, depending on experience GBP"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6824761/601651343"	"09/12/2018 13:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT3C"	NA
"Teaching Assistants Required In Camberley"	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Camberley, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistants Required In Camberley"	"Camberley, Surrey - 55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Psychology Graduate, who is excited at the thought of gaining experience working as a Teaching Assistant with pupils with SEN within a mainstream setting? We are currently working with a mainstream school in Camberley who are constantly looking for Teaching Assistants to work either 1:1 with pupils with SEN or as a general TA. The school are looking for Psychology graduates who have a career goal to work in Education. The Role Supporting the main Teacher in a range of subjectsWorking with pupils 1:1 or in small groupsHelping to engage pupils in lessons throughout the dayHave a drive to ensure all children get the best care that they are entitled toYou Achieved 2:2 or aboveUnderstanding of SEN from child development modules or educational Psychology.passionate individual who can bring your supportive approach to helping primary school pupilscalm approach to challenging situationsFlexible communication skills.To find out more contact Matt on or email  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates applying to posts through Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure via the DBS. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Camberley, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36563887/599799276"	"08/12/2018 09:05:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDaW"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistants Required In Redhill"	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Redhill, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistants Required In Redhill"	"Redhill, Surrey - 55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Psychology Graduate, who is excited at the thought of gaining experience working as a Teaching Assistant with pupils with SEN within a mainstream setting? We are currently working with a mainstream school in Redhill who are constantly looking for Teaching Assistants to work either 1:1 with pupils with SEN or as a general TA. The school are looking for Psychology graduates who have a career goal to work in Education. The Role Supporting the main Teacher in a range of subjectsWorking with pupils 1:1 or in small groupsHelping to engage pupils in lessons throughout the dayHave a drive to ensure all children get the best care that they are entitled toYou Achieved 2:2 or aboveUnderstanding of SEN from child development modules or educational Psychology.passionate individual who can bring your supportive approach to helping primary school pupilscalm approach to challenging situationsFlexible communication skills.To find out more contact Matt on or email  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates applying to posts through Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure via the DBS. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Redhill, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36563797/599801222"	"08/12/2018 09:05:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDaV"	"Graduate"
"Long Term Teaching Opportunities from January across London and the Ho"	"80k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Long Term Teaching Opportunities from January across London and the Ho"	"London - 80k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Dear Colleagues, We are actively recruiting Primary School Teachers for the New Year. We have a wide variety of opportunities ranging from temporary, temp to permanent and short/long term supply. We will be ideally looking for British Trained Teachers but will also consider overseas trained. We will be recruiting for: All Areas of LondonEYFS/KS1/KS2Assistant HeadteacherDeputy HeadteacherPPA TeacherIntervention TeacherSEN Teacher/SENCo/InclusionNew candidates must have an up-to-date DBS. If you will be looking for a new Teaching Role in the New Year, please contact us via phone or via email so that we can register you and acquire the relevant documents. We look forward to hearing from you. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"80k Annual 00 GBP"	"Education Dreams LTD"	"Education Dreams LTD"	"JS3561_36519135/596910183"	"07/12/2018 09:07:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2m9"	NA
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"London - 80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Contract Term: Full time Long Term-Permanent Job Start: January 2019 Salary: £80-£90 per day Uniform Education are working with a welcoming and Friendly Four form, Outstanding Primary School in Wembley who is currently recruiting for a HLTA. This position is a full time, long term position with an opportunity to be permanent in September 2019, with scope for further development and training. Whether you're an aspiring teacher or simply love being a HLTA and want increased responsibilities of taking the class, you could be great for this position. Ideally, the suitable applicant for the HLTA role will be an experienced HLTA/TA with experience covering classes and leading groups of children with the HLTA qualification or equivalent Have a read of all the details before applying to this HLTA Cover Teacher opportunity. Job Description * Full Time HLTA role* Lovely team, very welcoming and friendly* SEN experience- ASD, BESD, MLD and SPLD. * Working closely with the SENCO and Class Teachers* Start January 2019 Person Specification * Experienced HLTA or TA* Experience covering classes* Knowledge of all three key stages beneficial* Graduates interested in teaching are urged to apply* A dedicated individual who can commit to the position School Information * Outstanding OFSTED graded primary school (4 form entry)* Located in the London Borough of Brent * Welcoming team of staff, excellent behaviour and a strong ethos* Free Parking Does this sound like the perfect HLTA opportunity for you? Perhaps you need some more details? If you would like to apply, please contact Kirsty Kemp on or email your updated CV  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"UNIFORM EDUCATION"	"UNIFORM EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36763461/597594999"	"07/12/2018 09:05:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lc"	"Graduate"
"Head of Business Studies and Economics in Harrow"	"662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Stanmore, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Head of Business Studies and Economics in Harrow"	"Stanmore, Middlesex - 662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Head of Business Studies and Economics - Harrow An Ofsted rated Oustanding secondary school in London are seeking to appoint a dynamic and well-qualified Head of Department for Business Studies and Economics on a Full time basis to start in January 2019. Do you have experience teaching your subject across all Key Stages? The successful applicant will be joining a department of Business and Economics Teachers who are dedicated to improving the attainment results and progress of their students. The school is extremely well facilitated with interactive whiteboards within all the classrooms and well-resourced departments. To be considered you will need to be a Business/Economics Teacher with the following: Qualified Teacher Status (QTS)Experience teaching Business and Economics to all Key StagesA track record for delivering strong results at GCSE levelYou will be a driven teacher with a strong desire for your students to succeed. Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Stanmore, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36489052/596921147"	"07/12/2018 09:05:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2la"	NA
"Behavior Support Worker Manchester"	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Behavior Support Worker Manchester"	"City, Manchester - 60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Behaviour Support Worker Manchester  Empowering Learning are looking for SEND specialist teaching assistants, behaviour support workers and pastoral care assistants for an SEMH school in Manchester. This is a specialist environment, so the right candidate MUST have experience relevant to this position.  SEMH SCHOOLS CAN BE CHALLENGING PLACES TO WORK, SO YOU WILL NEED TO BE A CALM, CONFIDENT PERSON WHO CAN ENGAGE WITH THE PUPILS AND UNDERSTAND THEIR SOMETIMES COMPLEX NEEDS.  THE CHALLENGES OF THE ENVIRONMENT GO HAND IN HAND WITH THE SENSE OF ACHIEVEMENT YOU WILL GAIN FROM SEEING THE YOUNG PEOPLE YOU SUPPORT PROGRESS. ESSENTIALS: . DBS ON THE UPDATE SERVICE  . COMMITMENT TO WORKING IN AN SEMH SCHOOL . PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE  . TEAM TEACH (PREFERRED) Empowering Learning is a well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy with branches located in London, Manchester and Cardiff and is known for the great care we take with clients and employees alike.  Our dedicated, professional teams proudly place our candidates and clients at the heart of our bespoke approach and ensure that we provide excellent recruitment solutions to clients and candidates - no matter where they are in the countryIf you are interested in this role please contact Sarah Akers on or email your CV over to  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36768776/598105219"	"07/12/2018 09:04:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kp"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant SEND Salford"	"60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Learning Support Assistant SEND Salford"	"City, Manchester - 60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Learning Support Assistant SEND  Empowering Learning are looking for SEND specialist Learning Support Assistants for a school in Salford. This is a specialist SEND environment so ideally the right candidate would have experience working in a similar setting. The school caters for secondary aged children with ASC, SLD and Complex Needs. Working in an SEND school is an incredibly fulfilling way to help pupils of all abilities with a variety of learning difficulties engage in education and realise their full potential.  You will work as part of a very close team of staff and build solid relationships throughout the school.  Essentials . DBS on the update service . A qualification in supporting teaching and learning or equivalent . Experience working as a Learning support assistant in a specialist setting  . The ability to work as part of a team as well as using your own initiative . Have experience of providing personal care support including feeding and toileting Empowering Learning is a well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy with branches located in London, Manchester and Cardiff and is known for the great care we take with clients and employees alike.  Our dedicated, professional teams proudly place our candidates and clients at the heart of our bespoke approach and ensure that we provide excellent recruitment solutions to clients and candidates - no matter where they are in the countryIf you are interested in this role please contact Sarah Akers on or email your CV over to  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36768775/598102413"	"07/12/2018 09:04:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2ka"	NA
"Maths Graduate - Brent, NW London"	"GBP"	"Wembley, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Graduate - Brent, NW London"	"Wembley, Middlesex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Maths Graduate - Brent, North West London  1st rule of maths - If it seems easy, you're doing it wrong.  Are you a recent Maths Graduate looking for a long-term, Full time role in an Academic Mentor role before deciding whether teaching is for you? A school in Brent has an opening for a Maths Graduate to start their teaching journey as an Academic Mentor for their GCSE and A-level students! *Maths Graduate required for Brent!*Long-term, Full time position for Maths Graduate*Academic support role needed for support across A-level and GCSE maths revision!*Must hold a minimum 2:1 graduate with a strong academic background*Experience in an academic support role highly beneficial *£65-£70 a day paid on a weekly basis! *Potential teacher training opportunities after the first term for Maths Graduate! The Maths Graduate will join the school's maths department and assist in the learning and the revision across GCSE and A-level maths students. If you are confident in other subjects ie science, English, IT you will be able to provide support within your secondary specialism.  In lessons you will provide general support to pupils who need support or extra clarification in topics and outside of this role you will support pupils in study sessions and promote learning in their free periods.  For this role, the Maths Graduate will benefit from having prior experience in an TA/Tutor role prior to this as it demonstrates your understanding of the requirements of an Academic Mentor however experience is not essential.  The school, based in Brent, are keen to meet a Maths Graduate to join their 'Outstanding' school and continue providing academic excellence. They are keen to meet a Maths Graduate who is looking to pursue teacher training, and has opportunities to support you through a paid, teacher training route.  Apply today! "	"Wembley, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36762684/597595553"	"07/12/2018 09:04:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kL"	"Graduate"
"Geography Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Geography Teaching Assistant"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Geography Teaching Assistant | Highly Regarded Secondary | South West London School Are you a Geography graduate? Maybe you're a graduate in subjects with a strong amount of Geographical inquiry such as Environmental Science, Geology or even Geo-science? If you are looking for experience in the classroom which could potentially develop into training as a teacher then look no further!  >> 2:1+ Graduates in Geography based subjects>> Top Secondary School in London>> ASAP Start - Long term Teaching Assistant Post>> Potential Geography Teacher Training Opportunity from September 2019>> Academic Secondary School with Exceptional Resources>> Excellent Mentoring from Outstanding Teachers and Senior Leaders A superb Teaching Assistant opportunity is available ASAP in a successful, academic secondary. The Geography Teaching Assistant post is open to Geography graduates or graduates with related degrees in subjects such as Environmental Science, Geology or even Geo-science. It is important to the school that any Geography graduate have a determination to succeed in education and is prepared to work hard to achieve this goal. Whilst supporting pupils this Teaching Assistant post will allow you to build your curriculum knowledge in addition to giving you the classroom confidence needed to start teaching your own classes. Pupils at this school enjoy a wide range of extra curricular activities, and you will be able to contribute your talents and ideas to them or maybe even plan your own. As a Teaching Assistant in addition to your classroom duties you will provide booster sessions in the form of 1:1 and small groups outside the classroom.  If you meet the requirements of this advanced secondary school, apply for the ideal Teaching Assistant role in London immediately! Click 'Apply Now' and send your CV and covering letter to Rebecca Constant at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36535125/597594771"	"07/12/2018 09:03:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2j0"	"Graduate"
"ASD SEN TA - Croydon Secondary School"	"65.00 Daily - 85.00 Daily £65 - £85/day GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Contract"	"ASD SEN TA - Croydon Secondary School"	"Croydon, London - 65.00 Daily - 85.00 Daily £65 - £85/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Secondary mainstream Croydon secondary school is currently recruiting for either an experienced or Grad Teaching Assistant who can work with KS3 - KS4 ASD pupils. Immediate or January 2019 post.Very much a community based secondly school this is a larger than average mainstream secondary school in Croydon that has great facilities and a supportive SEN department. Innovative and Creative secondary school in Croydon with a strong ethos with mixed ability pupils. They teach through the Key stages with a successful sixth form. This school has gone through systematic change and is going in the right direction. The Principal at this Croydon Secondary School is ambitious and has a successful educational background. Strong & impeccable managerial & leadership expertise. At this school, the pastoral team is very strong. The SENCO and Inclusion Manager are an asset to this school and exemplary managers and leaders. The SEN team are consistent, dedicated with a wealth of experience. They aim to make a real difference in young people lives. The staff at this school go over and beyond an exceed the schools expectations to ensure the students get the best support ever.Secondary Croydon mainstream school is currently recruiting either a Graduate or experienced SEN Teaching Assistant. They would like to recruit for someone to start either immediately or January in this full time post. They are recruiting for a KS3 to GCSE LSA/Teaching Assistant/Graduate Teaching Assistant who can potentially work in your specialised subject to your degree. The successful SEN Teaching Assistant will be employed full time on a long term supply basis. Opportunities for permanent work is potentially available for the right candidate and initially this will be a long term post. This role will be working with ASD students who have difficulties within the classroom and help to encourage and build a strong rapport with pupils in the curriculum. Additionally you will be working & supporting the class teacher with the daily running of the classroom. Would be beneficial if the successful SEN Teaching Assistant has experience working with children that have Autism & ADHD and has experience in dealing with demanding behaviour in the classroom as a SEN Teaching Assistant/Teaching Assistant.. Relevant degree or qualifications for this post. Specialism in ASD/SEN Teaching Assistant. SEN Teaching Assistant 1:1 and small group support. Available either in close proximity to Croydon or South East London. Experience working with Mainstream or SEN or Secondary School. You can build a strong rapport with students (KS3 & KS4 levels). In date DBS with the update service "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 Daily - 85.00 Daily £65 - £85/day GBP"	"Servoca Education Resourcing"	"Servoca Education Resourcing"	"JS209089775/604644379"	"13/12/2018 15:04:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnKq9"	"Graduate"
"Science Teaching Assistant/Graduate Required - Havering LEA"	"12370.00 - 16700.00 Annual £12370 - £16700/annum GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Science Teaching Assistant/Graduate Required - Havering LEA"	"London - 12370.00 - 16700.00 Annual £12370 - £16700/annum GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Science Teaching Assistant/Graduate Required - Havering LEA - Temp to perm role - starting January 2019Paid to scaleSupply Desk are working with a large mixed Secondary school based in Havering and they're seeking a KS3/4 Science teaching assistant/graduate to start in January. Due to the versatility within the department, they school are willing to accept any specialisms within the 3 sciences (Chemistry, Biology & Physics)This role is full time and you will be working standard school hours (Apply online only)About the schoolThis school is large secondary school with 940 students enrolled and they are one of the most renowned secondary schools in and around Rainham with an impressive school history. One of their ethoses is to enrich the lives of all students through a vibrant learning community, a rich learning environment and a wide-ranging curriculum, thereby building social capital and broadening the horizons of all their students. They promote self-confidence and high esteem for everyone in the school and they distinguish themselves by the quality of care they provide to everyone in their school community.They also have many extra circular activities including music, sports, performing arts and social clubs which include political debate clubs.This school endeavour to promote within and there are opportunities to develop your career into a pastoral position within a short amount of time.Commuting to the school via public transport is very easy as they are a only a 2 minute away from the local bus stop and very close to Dagenham East & Elm Park underground stationsThe RoleYou will be required to work within a Science department of 7 staff members and you will have the opportunity to work closely with the director of learning to ensure results and attainment levels are always at a high level. You will also have a dedicated support manager whom can help with planning and preparation outside PPA time. The ideal candidate will help support and teach engaging and dynamic Science lessons across KS3/4. This is a long term requirement with a view to go permanent and has come about because one of their direct teachers will be retiring. Requirements/personal specifications This Science Teaching Assistant role is designed for a dynamic Science (chemistry, biology or physics) graduate who has earned a 2.1 or above and holds an equally impressive academic record at GCSE and A-Level with an unflinching focus on becoming a teacher in the near future. The ideal candidate will have a real love of their subject stemming from a genuine understanding and appreciation for the workings of it. You must have the skills to reach the minds of your pupils as you inspire a love for learning in them through an energetic approach to teaching.How to apply?Please contact Max on (Apply online only) if you have any specific queries or email "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"12370.00 - 16700.00 Annual £12370 - £16700/annum GBP"	"Supply Desk"	"Supply Desk"	"JS209122925/604640805"	"13/12/2018 11:02:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBL"	"Graduate"
"Maths Teaching Assistant/Graduate Required - Havering LEA - Jan 2019"	"12675.00 - 15400.00 Annual £12675 - £15400/annum GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Maths Teaching Assistant/Graduate Required - Havering LEA - Jan 2019"	"London - 12675.00 - 15400.00 Annual £12675 - £15400/annum GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Maths Teaching Assistant/Graduate Required - Havering LEA - Temp to perm role - starting January 2019Paid to scaleSupply Desk are working with a large mixed Secondary school based in Havering and they're seeking a Maths grad to start in January.This role is full time and you will be working standard school hours (Apply online only)About the schoolThis school is large secondary school with 940 students enrolled and they are one of the most renowned secondary schools in and around Rainham with an impressive school history. One of their ethoses is to enrich the lives of all students through a vibrant learning community, a rich learning environment and a wide-ranging curriculum, thereby building social capital and broadening the horizons of all their students. They promote self-confidence and high esteem for everyone in the school and they distinguish themselves by the quality of care they provide to everyone in their school community.They also have many extra circular activities including music, sports, performing arts and social clubs which include political debate clubs.This school endeavour to promote within and there are opportunities to develop your career into a pastoral position within a short amount of time.Commuting to the school via public transport is very easy as they are a only a 2 minute away from the local bus stop and very close to Dagenham East & Elm Park underground stationsThe RoleYou will be required to work within a Maths department of 6 staff members and you will have the opportunity to work closely with the director of learning to ensure results and attainment levels are always at a high level. You will also have a dedicated support manager whom can help with planning and preparation outside PPA time. The ideal candidate will support and teach engaging and dynamic Maths lessons across KS3/4. This is a long term requirement with a view to go permanent and has come about because one of their direct teachers will be retiring. Requirements/personal specifications This Maths Teaching Assistant is designed for a dynamic Maths graduate who has earned a 2.1 or above and holds an equally impressive academic record at GCSE and A-Level with an unflinching focus on becoming a teacher in the near future. The ideal candidate will have a real love of their subject stemming from a genuine understanding and appreciation for the workings of it. You must have the skills to reach the minds of your pupils as you inspire a love for learning in them through an energetic approach to teaching.How to applyPlease contact Max on (Apply online only) if you have any specific queries or email "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"12675.00 - 15400.00 Annual £12675 - £15400/annum GBP"	"Supply Desk"	"Supply Desk"	"JS209121910/604640884"	"13/12/2018 11:02:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnJBK"	"Graduate"
"#iwill Social Action Project Co-ordinator"	"GBP"	"Liverpool, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"#iwill Social Action Project Co-ordinator"	"Liverpool, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"The Liverpool Football Club Foundation is the official charity of Liverpool Football Club. We raise funds, develop partnerships and deliver high impact programmes that engage young people through their passion for Liverpool Football Club and football, helping them to improve their health, skills and life chances.We are proud of our work to date, engaging thousands of children and young people each year, however we have ambitious plans for the future - our vision is to be the leading football foundation that transforms young people's lives.THE ROLE:As Social Action Project Co-ordinator will support the delivery of the LFC Foundation's exciting new £1m #iwill social action programme in primary and secondary schools in the Liverpool area. The successful candidate will develop pupils' life skills and empower them to make a difference in their local community through social action. Key responsibilities will also include: Deliver 'train the trainer' courses to teachers to enable them to support more pupils to take part in social action Ensure the safeguarding of pupils at all times Deliver high quality engaging personal development sessions to pupils aged 10 -14 years old Facilitate social action activities with pupils, including ensuring all necessary procedures including risk assessments have been completed Develop high quality curriculum materials for pupils and teachers Build lasting relationships with teachers and the local community Coordinate a youth panel Coordinate a teacher champions network Create pathways for young people to transition into other programmes such as NCS Capture data in line with the project's KPIs and outcomes Record data on LFC Foundation's database Provide content for LFC Foundation social media Support other Foundation programmes and activities as requiredTHE PERSON: The successful candidate will have the following experience, skills and attributes: Experience of working with young people in a school environment Experience of empowering young people to make a difference Unquestionable passion for young people  A passionate and empathetic approach to their work Experience of stakeholder management and working in collaboration A self-starter who enjoys working as part of a team  Sound understanding of the challenges faced by schools and/or their students Experience of developing curriculum materialsThis position is offered on a 3 year fixed term contract subject to funding and involves working 35 hours per week, 5 from 7 days with some weekend work required. The role is based at Anfield Sports Community Centre, Liverpool however the post holder will also be required to work from other locations across Merseyside. The three year project is joint funded by the Big Lottery and the LFC Foundation. "	"Liverpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"The LFC Foundation"	"The LFC Foundation"	"JS608852/598345378"	"13/12/2018 09:08:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIIm"	NA
"SEND LSA required for Special Needs School in Croydon"	"65.00 Daily - 75.00 Daily £65 - £75/day GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Contract"	"SEND LSA required for Special Needs School in Croydon"	"Croydon, London - 65.00 Daily - 75.00 Daily £65 - £75/day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Protocol Education are working with a well-established SEND School based in Croydon, who are seeking 3 learning support assistants to work within their school on a long-term basis. They are seeking LSA's within their Primary and Secondary phase. The school have mainly pupils with SEMH as well as learning difficulties, so it is vital that you have experience with this type of SEND. This school pride themselves on the development of their staff who start working with them as they invest a lot in their professional development. The role: 5 days a week, term time only 8:30-4:00pm Based in the Borough of Croydon  Working within a team of 2 other adults either within a Primary/Secondary Class Working immediately until Summer 2019You must have: Experience of working with PECs or Makaton At least 6 to 12 months of experience working with SEHM and challenging behaviour Experience of supporting pupils of a Primary or Secondary ageIn return you will receive: A competitive pay package A personal consultant who will stay in touch throughout your placement CPD (continual professional development) If you come from a Youth Work, Sociology, Psychology or PRU background this is a great opportunity to work with a very well-known establishment which is growing every year, who can offer you a variety of experience. We welcome all applications providing you have experience with Primary aged pupils. As this is 5 day a week full time position, please ensure you are able to commute to the Croydon area on a daily basis. The Head Teacher and Assistant Head are looking to interview candidates immediately so please send your most current CV and a brief covering letter to (url removed) "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 Daily - 75.00 Daily £65 - £75/day GBP"	"Protocol Education"	"Protocol Education"	"JS209159048/604635711"	"13/12/2018 09:02:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnIDO"	NA
"Level 3 Early Years TA"	"65.00 - 75.00 per day GBP"	"London"	"Contract"	"Level 3 Early Years TA"	"London - 65.00 - 75.00 per day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 13 December 2018"	""	"Level 3 Early Years TA Kensington and Chelsea Primary School A long standing, reputable and \"Good\" (Ofsted 2017) Primary School in Victoria, Kensington and Chelsea are seeking a Level 3 qualified Teaching Assistant. - Competitive salary - Long term role - Term time only - Brilliant career progression and opportunities - Easily accessible Borough of Kensington and Chelsea - Education and training  - Level 3 Early Years TA Recently being judged as Outstanding by SIAMS this high achieving Primary looks for Teachers and Support Staff that will give 100% to their students learning and development. With an enriched curriculum that offers not just learning but how to apply and use it in daily life and their futures, pupils excel in core subjects such as English and Maths. Being a one form entry School they have dedicated staff and are looking to add to their early years support team. With a strong emphasis being placed on SPAG development the Nursery and Reception classes both aim to excel children and ensure they are engaged in their learning. With previous experience working in early years and a fully completed Level 3 qualification, the perfect candidate will be outgoing and friendly. Having supported, or willing to support, across Nursery and Reception age groups a candidate will want to make a real difference to student's development. With the School wanting children to achieve and go beyond their own expectations they place a great deal of emphasis in building this foundation during their first years of education. Therefore, it is paramount that a Level 3 Early Years TA will be focused, confident and have fantastic curriculum knowledge. The Head Teacher has requested that suitable candidates have a minimum of 6 months experience working in an early years setting previously; this can be in either the state or independent sector. Interviews for this Level 3 Early Years TA role in Kensington and Chelsea will be imminent.  Level 3 Early Years TA - Kensington and Chelsea - Education and Training "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 - 75.00 per day GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36697695/587903201"	"13/12/2018 07:03:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GnHmJ"	NA
"Science Technician- Slough"	"GBP"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Science Technician- Slough"	"Slough, Berkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are recruiting for a Secondary school in Slough for a Science Technician role. The school provides quality education for children aged 11 - 16 years old, supporting progress and development towards GCSE examinations. The role will commence in January 2019 and will be offered as a supply contract, potentially transferring to a permanent position in due course.This is a supply contract in the first instance, however the school have confirmed that for the right candidate they will look to make your employment permanent. This position is term time only and will require you to work between 8.30am and 3.30pm. The science department is well resourced, has excellent stock levels and an organised and structured approach to delivering the necessary materials and equipment to the teachers so that they can effectively deliver their lessons. The teaching team you will be working with are dedicated and inclusive and will make you feel very welcome. As the Science Technician you will responsible for:Setting up practicalsOrdering stockCleaning and maintaining equipmentSupporting teachers with practicalsThere may also be the opportunity to mentor some of the pupils if you are interestedThis position would suit an unqualified teacher or a science graduate looking to pursue a teaching careerThe School would be happy to have applications from staff who have held a similar role in another school or laboratory/science/education setting. If you are a Science Technician or have experience in a similar role, please apply with your CV today.Teaching Personnel offers great pay, the chance to join a successful and well organised team, secure employment, an insight into how schools work - perfect if you are thinking of applying for a career in teaching.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1A89A2A5/600698620"	"12/12/2018 09:14:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4SE"	"Graduate"
"ASD SEN TA - Croydon Secondary School"	"65.00 - 85.00 Annual GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Unspecified"	"ASD SEN TA - Croydon Secondary School"	"Croydon, London - 65.00 - 85.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Secondary mainstream Croydon secondary school is currently recruiting for either an experienced or Grad Teaching Assistant who can work with KS3 - KS4 ASD pupils. Immediate or January 2019 post. Very much a community based secondly school this is a larger than average mainstream secondary school in Croydon that has great facilities and a supportive SEN department. Innovative and Creative secondary school in Croydon with a strong ethos with mixed ability pupils. They teach through the Key stages with a successful sixth form. This school has gone through systematic change and is going in the right direction. The Principal at this Croydon Secondary School is ambitious and has a successful educational background. Strong & impeccable managerial & leadership expertise. At this school, the pastoral team is very strong. The SENCO and Inclusion Manager are an asset to this school and exemplary managers and leaders. The SEN team are consistent, dedicated with a wealth of experience. They aim to make a real difference in young people lives. The staff at this school go over and beyond an exceed the schools expectations to ensure the students get the best support ever. Secondary Croydon mainstream school is currently recruiting either a Graduate or experienced SEN Teaching Assistant. They would like to recruit for someone to start either immediately or January in this full time post. They are recruiting for a KS3 to GCSE LSA/Teaching Assistant/Graduate Teaching Assistant who can potentially work in your specialised subject to your degree. The successful SEN Teaching Assistant will be employed full time on a long term supply basis. Opportunities for permanent work is potentially available for the right candidate and initially this will be a long term post. This role will be working with ASD students who have difficulties within the classroom and help to encourage and build a strong rapport with pupils in the curriculum. Additionally you will be working & supporting the class teacher with the daily running of the classroom. Would be beneficial if the successful SEN Teaching Assistant has experience working with children that have Autism & ADHD and has experience in dealing with demanding behaviour in the classroom as a SEN Teaching Assistant/Teaching Assistant. Relevant degree or qualifications for this postSpecialism in ASD/SEN Teaching AssistantSEN Teaching Assistant 1:1 and small group supportAvailable either in close proximity to Croydon or South East LondonExperience working with Mainstream or SEN or Secondary SchoolYou can build a strong rapport with students (KS3 & KS4 levels)In date DBS with the update service"	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 - 85.00 Annual GBP"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36716243/589790747"	"12/12/2018 09:05:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Ja"	"Graduate"
"Behaviour Mentor - Slough"	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Behaviour Mentor - Slough"	"Slough, Berkshire - 70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Engage Education is looking for a behaviour mentor to work in a school who educates young people aged 11 to 19 who have challenging and complex Social, Emotional, and Mental Health difficulties (SEMH) or medical needs. They are seeking Sports Coach Mentors/Behaviour Mentors to work at their Pupil Referral Unit in Slough. Their mentors support the learning, achievement and development of pupils with social, emotional, mental health and behavioural difficulties. As Behaviour Mentor/Sports Coach Mentor, you will play a key role in supporting teachers by mentoring young, disaffected people with challenging behaviour. Additionally, you will provide additional support for offsite activities, personal development and sports programmes. Behaviour Mentor/Sports Coach Mentors Experience of working with young people who are disadvantaged or who find a mainstream school environment challenging would be advantageous. This may have been in a mentor, teaching assistant, or other support role. You need to be confident and engaging with excellent interpersonal skills, so you can motivate children and colleagues. It is also essential that you have: Some experience of working with children/young people in either youth work or a school settingExperience of working with challenging and vulnerable young peopleGood numeracy and communication skills (both written and verbal)Application Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36676063/587179829"	"12/12/2018 09:04:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Ik"	NA
"Secured Guaranteed Pay Supply Contract"	"130.00 - 145.00 per day"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Secured Guaranteed Pay Supply Contract"	"London - 130.00 - 145.00 per day"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Engage Education South West London Secured Guaranteed Payment Scheme! Would you like to be paid regardless of whether you work or not? Look no further! At Engage education we have designed a scheme called 'secured guaranteed pay', meaning we will pay you your daily rate regardless of whether we can secure you work. You can experience a number of local schools on a daily supply basis and also have the opportunity to find a long term or permanent opportunity through the scheme too. We have a dedicated team that will secure you your daily assignments and you will be sent to a consistent set of schools which allows you to develop relationships with the teachers and students within those school. Requirements The ideal candidate will have experience and be passionate about teaching and hold QTS with a relevant teaching degree. NQTs and overseas trained teachers are also encouraged to apply. This role will need to show strong behaviour management, communication and engaging enthusiasm to promote children's learning. Salary and Benefits The successful teacher will be paid in line with the Main Pay Scale. Engage Education pay in line with AWR, entitling you to the full benefits of a permanent employee. Represented by Engage Education, an award winning company for 'Recruitment Service of the Year in 2012, and 2016'. Full access to social events put on by Engage throughout the year Free ongoing CPD via Creative Education to help you develop within your role. If this scheme is of interest, apply to this advert at Engage Education to go through the scheme in detail. If you do not receive a response from us within two working days, your application has been unsuccessful."	"London, UK"	"Finance, Education"	NA	"130.00 - 145.00 per day"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36654312/582450977"	"12/12/2018 09:04:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Ia"	NA
"Nursery Room Manager - Shrewsbury"	"8.00 - 9.16 Annual GBP"	"Shrewsbury, Shropshire"	"Unspecified"	"Nursery Room Manager - Shrewsbury"	"Shrewsbury, Shropshire - 8.00 - 9.16 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 12 December 2018"	""	"Bamboo Childcare are recruiting for a Nursery Room Manager based for an excellent company in ShrewsburyThe full time role involves supporting the manager and the deputy to run a large sized nursery setting. You will be responsible for leading the curriculum, ensuring staff's knowledge is up to date whilst identifying areas of development and training.Salary: £18,000 - £19,000 per yearHours: 40 a weekWe are looking for candidates with room leader or third in charge experience from a high performing nursery.This is a fantastic opportunity to take the next step in your career with employers who can offer excellent progression and benefits.What experience and qualifications must I have to apply?We are looking for someone who is passionate about leading and supporting a team, and must be at least Minimum Level 3 qualified or equivalent.Is this position right for you? Here's what we're looking for:- Experience as as a room leader- As a minimum be qualified to Level 3 in Childcare. QTS or Early Years Teacher qualification is desirable.- Ability to demonstrate the ability to work on own initiative and prioritise workload- An in depth knowledge of safeguarding procedures- Knowledge and understanding of key legislation related to childcare and education- Excellent communication skills both written and verbal- A positive attitude, good initiative, confident and approachableIf you may be interested in this permanent Room Manager role in Shrewsbury please apply through this site and send an up to date CV. "	"Shrewsbury, Shropshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"8.00 - 9.16 Annual GBP"	"Bamboo Childcare"	"Bamboo Childcare"	"JS3561_36708565/589414149"	"12/12/2018 09:03:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gm4Hm"	NA
"Pensions Administrator"	"£16-18k"	"Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire"	"Unspecified"	"Pensions Administrator"	"Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire - £16-18k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Title: Pensions AdministratorLocation: HuntingdonSalary: £16-18kBenefits: As well as providing a supportive and friendly work environment, they also offer the following perks: CIPP Scheme (Certificate Institute of pay roll & pensions),Clear career Pathway with support and funding for professional developmentBUPA cash planGenerous pension schemeGenerous annual leave entitlementNon-contractual annual bonusChildcare vouchersCycle to work schemeFree, regular health and wellbeing assessmentsCharity fundraising eventsCompany socialsOur Client is Based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, and established in 1993, they are a specialist provider of HR and Payroll services. Employing almost 170 people, they are regarded as the most experienced and knowledgeable provider of these services, with c.1,300 education sector customers. Their culture is unique and is based upon its motivated and passionate staff, and as a result, they ensure they put their people first and allow them to flourish and grow. Their performance in the market has been, and continues to be, exceptional, resulting in significant growth year after year. The Company's plan for the future is to continue this growth, increasing our geographical reach and consider expanding the services offered.As a Pensions Administrator your key responsibilities will include:   Process data and edit, revise and produce letters, tables and reports as requested.To provide outstanding support across the organisation assisting colleagues to deliver expert administration in a timely and effective manner whilst maintaining the highest levels of confidentiality and integrity.Responsible for completing pension administration for differing pension authorities to comply with monthly and annual reporting requirements; including notifications of new starters, contractual variations and leaver notifications.Support Payroll colleagues with basic administration for their portfolio of schools.Analyse monthly data reports and update teacher and support records.Scan and file appropriate correspondence as requested.Attend and participate in regular team meetings and training to keep up to date with current policies and procedures and other relevant guidance.As a successful Pensions Administrator, you will have the following skills and experience:  5 Grade 4 to 9 GCSE's including Maths and English or equivalentAbility to establish working relationships and credibilityAbility to prioritise and work well under pressureGood ICT skills including use of Microsoft office, particularly Microsoft Excel and WordAbility to communicate effectively both verbally and in writingAbility to use initiative and work independently where requiredDesirable:  Experience of working in a customer focused environmentPrevious administration experienceAbility to demonstrate sound proofreading and editing skills to create high quality documentation "	"Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"Office and Admin"	NA	"£16-18k"	"The Talent Group"	"The Talent Group"	"JS3561_36748334/592837776"	"11/12/2018 07:04:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmr0g"	NA
"Science Technician- High Wycombe"	"GBP"	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Science Technician- High Wycombe"	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are recruiting for a Secondary school in High Wycombe for a Science Technician role. The school provides quality education for children aged 11 - 16 years old, supporting progress and development towards GCSE examinations. The role will commence in January 2019 and will be offered as a supply contract, potentially transferring to a permanent position in due course.This is a supply contract in the first instance; however the school have confirmed that for the right candidate they will look to make your employment permanent. This position is term time only and will require you to work between 8.30am and 3.30pm. The science department is well resourced, has excellent stock levels and an organised and structured approach to delivering the necessary materials and equipment to the teachers so that they can effectively deliver their lessons. The teaching team you will be working with are dedicated and inclusive and will make you feel very welcome.As the Science Technician you will responsible for:Setting up practicalsOrdering stockCleaning and maintaining equipmentSupporting teachers with practicalsThere may also be the opportunity to mentor some of the pupils if you are interestedThis position would suit an unqualified teacher or a science graduate looking to pursue a teaching careerThe School would be happy to have applications from staff who have held a similar role in another school or laboratory/science/education setting. If you are a Science Technician or have experience in a similar role, please apply with your CV today.Teaching Personnel offers great pay, the chance to join a successful and well organised team, secure employment, an insight into how schools work - perfect if you are thinking of applying for a career in teaching.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & MA.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS5E58E04F/600698561"	"10/12/2018 15:44:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmjUW"	"Graduate"
"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology The role Based in one of the UK's leading centres for the study of history, you will make an important contribution to the development of a dynamic research culture, building on the expertise of a strong cluster of historians with interests in the history of science and/or technology. Making use of your own outstanding knowledge and the University and region's important resources in the field, you will carry out and publish excellent and original research. Passionate about the history of science and/or technology, you will help to develop and extend our suite of undergraduate and postgraduate modules, and share your enthusiasm through exceptional teaching. At Durham, you will benefit from a strong commitment to intra- and inter-disciplinary research, and from the resources of a host of specialist Research Institutes and Centres. You will also enjoy the advantages of a mentoring scheme to develop you as a historian, teacher and leader in the discipline and beyond.You will needA good first-degree, complemented by a PhD in the history of science and/or technology or a related subject (either completed, or currently in progress). The ability to produce world-class research, including a research plan which supports the activities of the department. The confidence to supervise PhD students. To be willing to develop successful research project proposals, with the scope to secure funding or generate income. Experience of delivering high-quality teaching across lectures and in smaller study groups, with the ability attain fellowship of the HEA. Confident leadership and communication skills, with the willingness to work collaboratively as part of a team. Vacancy Reference: HIST19-55Download the full job description as a PDF ."	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Durham University"	"Durham University"	"JSHIST19-55/601391368"	"10/12/2018 07:08:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIX"	"Graduate"
"Lecturer Diploma in Professional Studies"	"21985.00 - 26376.00 Annual (pro rata 36,642 - 43,961) GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer Diploma in Professional Studies"	"London - 21985.00 - 26376.00 Annual (pro rata 36,642 - 43,961) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"This is a key role in the Design School/College and this post is seen as a key driver for the development of the course. The Diploma in Professional Studies (DPS) course is an optional year out in industry between the second and fourth year of an undergraduate course. The DPS offers students the opportunity to undertake up to three placements, secondments or freelance projects, within the year, from an extensive and worldwide list of internationally renowned design studios, advertising agencies, architectural practices, film production houses, publishing houses, media centres etc. Not only do students gain professional industry experience within the international design community but they also involve themselves with international charitable organisations working on and initiating a variety of activities. You will coordinate and deliver on Professional Practices unit for the students across the courses and develop new and relevant professional relationships with industry which will benefit student learning. Supporting the course leader in delivering the content of the course as required, you will develop and deliver disciplined, innovative and engaging lectures and seminars, contributing significantly to course development and assessment,and providing academic and pastoral support as necessary, monitoring student progress and maintaining appropriate records. Significant understanding of industrial contexts and placement experience is essential to this role. Why choose us?  London College of Communication is a pioneering world leader in creative communications education. With the communications sector constantly evolving at a rapid speed, we work at the cutting edge of new thinking and developments to prepare our students for successful careers in the creative industries of the future. Our course provision reflects the breadth of expertise housed within the most diverse creative agency including: journalism, advertising, PR and publishing; photography; film, television and sound; communications and media; graphic communication; spatial communication; design cultures; and interactive and visual communication. Your profile  We're looking for a candidate with relevant undergraduate teaching experience, a relevant qualification at undergraduate and postgraduate level associated with communication design or a closely related discipline or equivalent experience. The successful candidate should possess good interpersonal skills and the ability to work within a team as well as coordinate across different stakeholders, be a cross-disciplinary thinker as well as be an innovative teacher. They should also demonstrate digital literacy, in particular with expertise in areas of digital design, UX, AI, Interaction and Data visualisation and Information environments. Candidates should demonstrate subject knowledge as well as skills relevant to subject development within an academic, research and professional context. Candidates should also demonstrate a significant awareness and be able to access a network of industry contacts to support students experience while on their year out. For further details and to apply please click the \"Visit Website\" button. Closing date for applications is 10 January 2019. At UAL, everyone's identity matters. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive environment for all our diverse students, staff, and the creative and cultural sector partners with whom we engage. We aim to take every opportunity to progress equality and diversity, and celebrate the enrichment this brings to our community. Candidates are advised to submit applications early to avoid disappointment as we reserve the right to close vacancies prior to the advertised closing date. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"21985.00 - 26376.00 Annual (pro rata 36,642 - 43,961) GBP"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"JS3573_6825218/601217239"	"10/12/2018 07:07:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIU"	"Graduate"
"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"City, Birmingham - 28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	" Do you like working in a challenging, but rewarding environment where each day is different and time flies?Would you like to make a difference in the future of a vulnerable adult?Have you ever thought of a career in prison education? HMP Birmingham's education department is looking for an experienced Functional Skills Maths and English Programme/Curriculum Manager to join their Milton Keynes College Offender Learning team to enhance the delivery of our Functional Skills Maths and English courses. As Functional Skills Maths and English Programme Manager you will be dedicated to delivering learning success, through effective leadership within our Maths and English programme. The vacancy would suit a highly motivated Programme/Curriculum Manager that specialises in Functional Skills Maths and English and has a positive can-do approach to education and the success of their students. The ideal candidate will have experience and success in their knowledge of Maths and English and experience managing a team.Main responsibilities for this role: Support teachers to action poor attendance and liaise with the Deputy Manager Data to report on poor attendance. Be aware of courses starting and ending each week and ensure that enrolments and completions are actioned and submitted in a timely manner. Ensure that Exams are scheduled and that resits are planned promptly as and when appropriate. Ensure all schemes of work are in place and match qualification criteria and support staff in the implementation and delivery of the scheme of work. Track teaching hours of all members of staff ensure they are not under or over delivering Ensure all display is relevant, personalised to learners, in date and in line with policy Update the staff board as necessary with daily reminders/regime/issues Track all DD time and ensure that it is used effectively Review the learning environment to ensure that it is clean tidy and free from risk Update the weekly predicted success spreadsheet for the English, maths & ESOL outcomes Regularly feedback to staff to ensure that everyone understands the direction of the department, what the next steps are, and how to improve. Accurately communicate any changes. To meet regularly with the English, maths and ESOL team and hold effective strand meetings.  Programme Manager - Functional Skills Maths and EnglishLocation: HMP Birmingham, B18 4ASHours: 37 hours per week, 52 weeks per yearSalary: £28,940 - £34,327 per annumClosing date: 17th December 2018Interview Date: 19th December 2018£2,000 Uplift available and reduction in normal timetabled teaching hours availableMilton Keynes College Rewards: 35 days annual leave, 3 additional days leave for Christmas to New Year closure and UK Bank Holidays Amazing discounts with NUS card or Blue Light Card, ranging from Eating Out, Shopping and Fashion, Health and Fitness, Music, Technology, Travel and Entertainment Access to an employee wellbeing platform with options to book free activities such as yoga, relaxation, boot camp, personal training and a health and wellbeing news hub Access to Teachers Pension Scheme with generous employer contributions Tax free childcare scheme Access to Continued Professional Development, including professional qualifications and a variety of training courses Save up to 32% off all bikes through our Cycle To Work Scheme 24 hours per day, 365 days per year Employee Assistant Support Programme Plus many more   About HMP Birmingham: Milton Keynes College operates on three sites within HMP Birmingham, East Education, West Education, and Vocational Training workshops, offering education to both mainstream and vulnerable prisoners.  The education department is made up of a 7 person management team, overseeing 4 strand areas, Functional Skills, Vocational Training, Personal and Social Development and Outreach. We offer Functional Skills in both Maths and English, ESOL, IT, Business, Hospitality, Barbering, Sports and Fitness, Employability Skills, Kick Start in Business, Art, Hospitality, Mentoring, Interpersonal Skills, Equality and Diversity, Electrical, Bench Joinery, Plastering, Car Valeting, Waste Management and Industrial Cleaning. We offer courses from Pre Entry right through to Level 2. Education Programmes are developed in partnership with the prison to offer a responsive and relevant curriculum, which includes work experience and work opportunities within the Establishment.  Our vision here at HMP Birmingham is to offer an outstanding education to enable effective and purposeful resettlement for all learners on release.\" \"Using Time, not Doing Time.\"  We want to make a difference to disadvantaged learners, to show that everyone has the potential to achieve and everyone deserves another chance, and the right support at the right time can be the difference in breaking the reoffending cycle.As a successful candidate you will: Have a minimum of level 2 in English & maths with a level 3 in the area of subject specialism. Be a qualified teacher with experience of delivery in the curriculum area. Possess a proven experience of managing a curriculum area. Have the ability to problem solve and find solutions that meet the need of the team and ensure customer satisfaction. Have commercial awareness to protect income streams and identify new opportunities. Possess the ability to analyse data and draw conclusions from information to inform interventions. Possess the ability to produce high-quality reports to senior managers. Have a high level of teaching expertise to ensure support provided to staff is relevant and effective. Have a can-do attitude and a willingness to work collaboratively to support improvement. Have experience of working with Ofsted and improving outcomes of English, maths & ESOL provision (Desirable) Have a good working knowledge of the main Microsoft applications including Excel. Possess experience of working with Awarding Organisations and knowledge of the regulations around examinations and assessment. (Desirable) Understanding the necessary employability skills required in the current UK economy. Evidence of providing high-quality effective programmes leading to outstanding success. Experience in data analysis. Experience in identifying, developing and sharing resources focused on teaching and learning. Experience in working with students who may have little experience of education and training (desirable). The requirement of this role is to work across the whole prison estate, on all wings where education is delivered.  More about the College: Milton Keynes College is proud to be an open and inclusive general Further Education College welcoming learners of all levels and delivering an exceptional educational experience. The College offers a broad range of qualifications with more than 3, - 18-year-old Full time students studying traditional A Levels, vocational courses, apprenticeships and Higher Education. In addition, the College delivers employability and key skills training programmes to 3,000 people in local community learning centres and is one of the largest providers of Offender Learning in England, working with 27 prisons across the East Midlands, South Central and West Midlands. Milton Keynes College is a committed safer recruitment employer. We take extreme care in ensuring the safety and welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. All positions, therefore, undergo a stringent vetting process to include DBS for all positions. "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"milton keynes college"	"milton keynes college"	"JS4513_68084/582523634"	"10/12/2018 07:07:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIR"	NA
"Music Tutor Fellow"	"18800.00 Annual"	"United Kingdom"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Music Tutor Fellow"	"United Kingdom - 18800.00 Annual"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description: Music Tutor Fellow Start date: January, April or September 2019 Contract: Fixed term till end of August 2020 Salary: circa £18,800 per annum Hours: circa 8.00am to 5.30pm during school term time (with a lunch break) The role To provide inspirational music tuition and role modelling to the pupils who need it most at King Solomon Academy Key responsibilities To tutor individuals and groups of pupils as part of the string programme To support individuals and groups within classroom music lessons To mentor and coach pupils in the development of their self-confidence and aspirations for their future, in particular, their aspiration to go to, and excel at University To support pupils with Special Educational needs in or out of classes Helping to maintain/establish discipline across the whole academy. Outcomes and activities String lessons Deliver small group string lessons as part of the music team to all year groups, from age 7 to age 18, including GCSE instrumental lessons where appropriate Support (and where appropriate lead) ensemble class string lessons Support (and where appropriate lead) orchestra rehearsals Plan and deliver intervention during and beyond string sessions Observe, record and feedback information of pupil performance. Music lessons Assist with whole class teaching where appropriate, and support targeted pupils Provide administrative support to academy staff by ensuring teaching resources are prepared to an excellent standard and on time for classroom use. Coaching Coach pupils to promote better decision making, motivation and improved achievement inside and outside of music. Other  Supervise pupils in playgrounds, lunchrooms, etc. Maintain pupil and family confidentiality. Attend regular meetings and training, as required. Undertake other various responsibilities as directed by the Principal. Person specification: Music Tutor Fellow Qualification Criteria  Right to work in UK Qualified to degree level Grade 8 standard or equivalent on a string instrument Confidence in playing and teaching of either the Cello, Violin or Viola is desirable Experience Experience of working with young people or adults in a paid or voluntary capacity Experience of tutoring string instruments and leading ensemble work Behaviours Personal characteristics A desire to be a qualified teacher in the future Genuine passion and a belief in the potential of every pupil Helpful, positive, calm and caring nature Able to establish good working relationships with staff and pupils Able to follow instructions accurately but make good judgments and lead when required Motivation to continually improve standards and achieve excellence Specific skills Good communication skills, including written and oral Excellent numeracy and literacy skills Competent with computers and other technology Good administrative and organisational skills Able to understand and implement particular strategies and methods to help pupils to improve their learning and enjoyment of learning Able to deal with minor incidents, first aid, and the personal health and hygiene of the pupils Understands the importance of confidentiality and discretion Other desirable training and skills An interest in sport and the ability to lead sport sessions First Aid training Other  Commitment to the safeguarding and welfare of all pupils This post is subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Services check "	"United Kingdom"	"Media, Education"	NA	"18800.00 Annual"	"KING SOLOMON ACADEMY"	"KING SOLOMON ACADEMY"	"JS3573_6824671/601651251"	"09/12/2018 17:10:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmW6g"	NA
"Training Consultant/Lecturer in Bricklaying"	"For salary information, please contact a member of the Human Resources GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Training Consultant/Lecturer in Bricklaying"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - For salary information, please contact a member of the Human Resources GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"An opportunity has arisen for a proactive and experienced individual to join our Apprenticeship and Bricklaying teams supporting students in the classroom, workshop and out at off site job locations. The College delivers training and assessments in Bricklaying both for Apprentices and post 16 mainstream students based at College. We are looking for a new addition to the team who is confident delivering training and assessments to Apprenticeship students out in their workplaces and equally strong at delivering classroom/workshop teaching at our Hemel Hempstead Campus. The successful candidate must be able to offer support and assistance in helping learners develop skills that would allow a smooth transition into employment. The position requires a proactive approach and someone with a positive disposition to ensure the best possible experience for the students and the businesses we work with. To be successful you will need to demonstrate that you can both plan and deliver in assigned time-scales completing all necessary paperwork efficiently and accurately. The successful candidate will be expected to promote Apprenticeships and maintain our links with the business community, potential students, parents and other stakeholders. The wider role could also involve providing initial advice and guidance, undertaking initial assessments of apprentices, completing sign up paperwork, conducting customer satisfaction surveys, organising and managing events and any other duties required by the department. You'll be required to be incredibly organised to guarantee success in this role. We have high expectations for our learners and so it is important that they are adequately supported to achieve high success rates on all NVQ programmes. Ideally you will have Assessor/Verifier qualifications or equivalent Quality Assurance qualifications and previous teaching experience, but if you are willing to complete teacher training and you are already experienced in bricklaying we would love to hear from you. The closing date for applications is 5pm on Thursday 13 December 2018. Interviews will take place in the New Year, shortlisted candidates will be contacted in January 2019. The successful candidate will join the Building Services team at Hemel Hempstead Campus. For salary information please contact a member of the Human Resources team. West Herts College is positive about disabled people. If you need help applying for this role please contact the Human Resources team. "	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"For salary information, please contact a member of the Human Resources GBP"	"West Herts College"	"West Herts College"	"JS4513_65666/601549871"	"09/12/2018 13:02:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT26"	NA
"Online English Tutor"	"9.00 Hourly + paid Holidays GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Online English Tutor"	"United Kingdom - 9.00 Hourly + paid Holidays GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Are you interested in earning money by working just a few hours from your computer? We are hiring university students or graduates to lead online English conversations. All you need is a webcam and a headset with microphone. Our company EDUCASTREAM is a young and innovative French company, leader in the online language learning industry, whose services are already selected by the French Department of Education as well as numerous families and firms. Our method We offer a unique educational service through our leading videoconferencing system which allows oral, visual and written exchange between pupil and professor via Internet. The efficiency of this process is strengthened by the sharing of specific support fitted to this modern way of communication. Lessons are pre-planned by the company and written by a team of language experts. Our clients- Companies wishing their employees to improve for business purposes- Individuals (from 7 years old on) willing to improve their level for various purposes- Schools taking lessons collectively as part of the National Curriculum Your BenefitsBecoming a teacher for EDUCASTREAM is a great opportunity to develop your experience and skills through interactive conversations: get rewarded by your pupils' progress, learn through their experience and share your knowledge, without moving from your desk. "	"United Kingdom"	"Customer Services"	NA	"9.00 Hourly + paid Holidays GBP"	"EDUCASTREAM"	"EDUCASTREAM"	"JS2746673/600422539"	"09/12/2018 09:18:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRcA"	"Graduate"
"Basingstoke LSA"	"GBP"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Basingstoke LSA"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Learning Support Assistant required in Basingstoke, North HampshireTeaching Personnel are currently recruiting a Learning Support Assistant on behalf of a Behaviour Management provision based in North Hampshire. This special needs school has been set up to provide a unique and specialist educational resource for students who do not have access or engage with mainstream education as a result of their complex Social, Emotional and Mental Health needs (SEMH).This wonderful school aims to:Provide a quality care and education facility and give young people who have had many setbacks, a fresh start in life.Encourage a 'can do' culture at the school and by recognising student's individual needs they are able to work with their particular strengths and help them achieve to their full potential.Use a Positive School Rewards System to encourage and motivate students to succeed academically and to manage their behaviour appropriately.Offer a range of qualifications and awards across the curriculum including: GCSEs, Entry Level Certificates, ASDAN COPE, The Duke of Edinburgh Awards, Functional Skills Certificates and the AQA unit awards.Build confidence and self-esteem through the use of praise and encouragement.Your role will include:Supporting the teacher with a class of 4 - 8 pupilsSupporting pupils with behavioural difficultiesWorking weekdays, with flexibility of part and full time roles (5 days per week is preferred)Working within the class as well as on a 1:1/2:1 basis, delivering work planned by the class teacherFor the right candidate, this role will start out as temporary, however there is the potential for permanent employment. Because of the nature of this role, it is essential you have experience supporting pupils with special needs or challenging behaviour.If you think you would be suited to this role, please contact Teaching Personnel on the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS8165BBBD/599779291"	"08/12/2018 09:06:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDag"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistants needed for daily supply work - Newham"	"62.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistants needed for daily supply work - Newham"	"London - 62.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Nursery Nurse - General TA - Teaching Assistant - Learning Support Assistant Engage Education are currently searching for enthusiastic, engaging, fabulous Teaching Assistants who are looking for daily supply work in the London Borough of Newham. We are looking for those with experience ranging from nursery to year 6. Those with intervention or SEN experience are also urged to apply. Although we are looking for people for daily supply cover, this could lead to a longer term or permanent positions within our schools. To be considered for the position you must: Be able to work from 8:15 to 3:30pmHave a relevant Teaching Assistant qualificationHave strong behaviour managementHave a child's only DBS registered on the online update serviceEngage Education are a widely recognised, award winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"62.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36565442/599801056"	"08/12/2018 09:03:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDYJ"	NA
"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teaching Personnel are currently working with a great deal of schools across Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow! Due to the nature of the schools and their requirements they are seeking teachers to work on a supply basis. This can range from Day to Day bookings in various schools throughout the week in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow or more on going positions for either part/full time. We aim to keep teachers within a close radius of their preferred area to ensure you would be working in local schools and decrease travel time. If you're looking at reducing your workload with an opportunity to view a wide range of new schools this could be the perfect opportunity for you. QTS ISN'T a must along with experience of teaching within the primary age ranges alongside a strong understanding of the UK curriculum. We are looking to recruit teachers from across the subject board for Secondary schools in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow. Teaching Personnel can offer you: Fantastic Rates of Pay (£120 - £150 day to day and higher for other bookings!)Advance notice of work (if doing daily supply)Working with the leading consultants in the industry who have expertise in Education.Professional Development workshops with ex Headteachers.Honest, experienced, reliable service from the UK's Education Agency. If you are keen to find out more about this position, please email a copy of your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel on for a quick turnaround and secure work!All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36558366/599209525"	"07/12/2018 09:03:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jo"	NA
"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teaching Personnel are currently working with a great deal of schools across Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow! Due to the nature of the schools and their requirements they are seeking teachers to work on a supply basis. This can range from Day to Day bookings in various schools throughout the week in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow or more on going positions for either part/full time. We aim to keep teachers within a close radius of their preferred area to ensure you would be working in local schools and decrease travel time. If you're looking at reducing your workload with an opportunity to view a wide range of new schools this could be the perfect opportunity for you. QTS ISN'T a must along with experience of teaching within the primary age ranges alongside a strong understanding of the UK curriculum. We are looking to recruit teachers from across the subject board for Secondary schools in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow. Teaching Personnel can offer you: Fantastic Rates of Pay (£120 - £150 day to day and higher for other bookings!)Advance notice of work (if doing daily supply)Working with the leading consultants in the industry who have expertise in Education.Professional Development workshops with ex Headteachers.Honest, experienced, reliable service from the UK's Education Agency. If you are keen to find out more about this position, please email a copy of your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel on for a quick turnaround and secure work!All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36558366/599209525"	"07/12/2018 09:03:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jo"	NA
