"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"
"Recruitment Consultant - 3rd Sunday Times Best Company!"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - 3rd Sunday Times Best Company!"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere so we don't look for keywords on a CV. You're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter, so let's jump straight into what's in it for you:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips!Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.Quarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings - To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket that your teacher said you'd never have, that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000!A clear progression structure.All National public holidays off.So what's the role of a Recruitment Consultant all about?Although no two days are regularly the same, a typical day will see you building up your network, winning and developing business over the phone and face to face, owning your own desk and building your recruitment empire.You'll be regularly sourcing the best talent around to showcase to your clients. You'll do this through proactive, creative and innovative methods. We're looking for out of the box thinkers! There's always heavy competition when it comes to great talent!Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working. You won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business.You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.We started life in a garage. Our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey back in 2007 armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years, we now have 6 office across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to get stuck into the role of a Recruitment Consultant, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-RECCON"	"03/12/2018 08:51:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLfT"	NA
"Trainee Recruitment Consultant - Tech Division"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Recruitment Consultant - Tech Division"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT, TECH DIVISIONAUSTIN FRASER, READINGA background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere so we don't look for keywords on a CV. You're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Specialist Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter, so let's jump straight into what's in it for you:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips!Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.Quarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings - To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket that your teacher said you'd never have, that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000!A clear progression structure.All National public holidays off.So what's the role of a Recruitment Consultant all about?Although no two days are regularly the same, a typical day will see you building up your network, winning and developing business over the phone and face to face, owning your own desk and building your recruitment empire.You'll be regularly sourcing the best talent around to showcase to your clients. You'll do this through proactive, creative and innovative methods. We're looking for out of the box thinkers! There's always heavy competition when it comes to great talent!Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working. You won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business.You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.We started life in a garage. Our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey back in 2007 armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years, we now have 6 office across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to get stuck into the role of a Recruitment Consultant, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	NA	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-SPECIALISTTECH"	"03/12/2018 08:50:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLel"	NA
"Teacher of Computing"	"+ £1600 Mossbourne Allowance GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Computing"	"Hackney, London - + £1600 Mossbourne Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Computing Salary - Main scale + £1600 Mossbourne Allowance Start date - January 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy, 100 Downs Park Road, E5 8JY Interview dates - TBC Mossbourne Community Academy is currently seeking an outstanding teacher of Computing. The successful applicant will be passionate about teaching Computer Science and about developing students as curious learners who will become fluent in the technical models and theories in computing. They will inspire students to appreciate the richness and diversity of the computing world by engaging with current trends. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successful Computer Science teaching across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Computing courses. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away. Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development NQT Training Programme Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. In order to apply for this position please follow the link to our website and complete an application form via the button below. NB: Applications may be considered whilst the post is being advertised. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline  \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1600 Mossbourne Allowance GBP"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6811436/578847656"	"02/12/2018 13:07:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEzy"	NA
"Teacher of Maths"	"1600.00 Annual Mossbourne allowance GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths"	"Hackney, London - 1600.00 Annual Mossbourne allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Maths  Salary - Main scale plus £1,600 Mossbourne allowance Start date - January 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy, 100 Downs Park Road, E5 8JY Interview dates - TBC  Mossbourne Community Academy is seeking to employ an outstanding teacher of maths to join from January 2019. The successful applicant will be ambitious, resilient and passionate about the teaching of maths and be willing to work as part of a team in raising the attainment in students' outcomes. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a high-performing and collaborative team. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successful Maths teaching across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Maths. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away. Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development  NQT Training Programme Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. To view the full job description for this role, please click here:  Please note that CV's or incomplete application forms will not be considered. All other applications will be considered, however, only those that are shortlisted will be contacted. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline.   \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"1600.00 Annual Mossbourne allowance GBP"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6814241/583836402"	"02/12/2018 13:07:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEzv"	NA
"Teacher of Business"	"+ £1600 Mossbourne Allowance GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Business"	"Hackney, London - + £1600 Mossbourne Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Business Salary - Main scale + £1600 Mossbourne Allowance Start date - January 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Fixed Term with the possibility of a permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy, 100 Downs Park Road, E5 8JY Interview dates - TBC Mossbourne Community Academy is currently seeking an outstanding teacher of Business. The successful applicant will be passionate about teaching Business. They will inspire students to appreciate the richness and diversity of the Business world by engaging with current trends. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successfully teaching Business Studies across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Business courses. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away.  Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development NQT Training Programme  Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership  Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. In order to apply for this position please follow the link to our website and complete an application form via the button below. NB: Applications may be considered whilst the post is being advertised. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline  \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1600 Mossbourne Allowance GBP"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6811438/578847718"	"02/12/2018 13:06:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEys"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies Required"	""	"Maidstone, Kent"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Teacher of Business Studies Required"	"Maidstone, Kent"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Teacher of Business Studies Required We have an exciting opportunity for a Business Studies teacher to join one of our academics in the Medway area as soon as possible. You will be able to bring elements of fun into the classrooms and make learning an enjoyable experience. To be suitable candidate you need to have the ability to teach well thought out lessons that will maintain the interest of the students. A successful candidate will be committed and passionate with teaching students, to help them stay engage in the classrooms activities. To be considered for the Business Studies role: Good subject knowledgeIdeally hold a Qualified Teaching Status(QTS) or equivalentHave a good communication skillsBe able to motivate students and improve their confidenceThe role is essentially for two terms but could lead into a permanent position depending on the teacher. As a Business Studies Teacher with CER, you will benefit from: Great competitive pay (weekly pay) pay ratesRecommend a friend scheme with £250 bonus*Dedicated and committed Recruitment Consultant to support youMoney back on your DBS from CER*CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit.   "	"Maidstone, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"CER EDUCATION RECRUITMENT"	"CER EDUCATION RECRUITMENT"	"JS3561_36716990/590125143"	"29/11/2018 15:03:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjHI"	NA
"Teacher of Design and Technology"	"GBP"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Design and Technology"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher of Design and TechnologyA school in the Portsmouth are are seeking an ambitious secondary teacher to join one of their schools. The position is available ASAP for the successful applicant and would be full time, although part time would be considered.In order to be considered for this role, you must bring new and innovative ideas to the department. The school prides itself on forward thinking and making learning an enjoyable experience for its students. The school has a great atmosphere and its supportive and motivational towards its staff and pupils alike. Classes are of mixed abilities and so the ideal candidate should have experience delivering to a range of pupils with differing needs.You will be required to carry out the following:Prepare and organise learning materials Have the ability to adapt your work to meet students abilitiesBe a positive role model in the schoolKeep records of progress and attainmentAttend and review meetingsThe candidate must have:A UK QTS or an equivalentThe ability and willingness to teach up to KS5Be professional within the schoolBe able to motivate and inspire the next generationHave excellent classroom management skillsIf this sounds like the role for you then please click apply now!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Portsmouth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSDAC5C05D/586299076"	"03/12/2018 12:09:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOXc"	NA
"Teacher"	"16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher"	"Southwark, London - 16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"JOB OVERVIEW - Teacher role  At The Complete Works Independent School, we are looking for passionate teachers to deliver creative lessons while successfully nurturing and inspiring our students. As part of our energetic and welcoming team, you will enthuse and motivate students to strive for success whilst following the schemes of work which will be provided.  WHY CHOOSE US: The Complete Works (TCW) is an alternative educational provision, which delivers a unique and innovative education to students. Our approach to learning allows students to feel empowered and appreciated. You do not require having a teaching qualification to teach at The Complete Works. We have students all over London eg Southwark, Lewisham, Tower Hamlets, Islington and Hackney.  The majority of our students have an individual teacher assigned to deliver their education pathway, which is based off-site at their homes, libraries or other suitable settings. We also have TCW education centres where students can come and learn on-site together in small groups. Sometimes the circumstances can be challenging but often the results are very rewarding. WHAT WE OFFER: You will be on an induction rate for the first four weeks. After the four weeks, your rate will be reviewed and be increased Bank worker contract A school that is fully dedicated to developing every child to reach their full potential, irrespective of their ability Collaborative working within our shared family of schools to support our endeavours to work smarter and achieve an effective balance between home and work. A dedicated and friendly team of professionals who are keen to develop and learn. Development through mentorship and coaching Trainings  Facilities to resource your ability to teach your students  Tailor made individual learning plans for every student  JOB REQUIREMENTS: Some experience working with SEN or behavioural students Would like to make a difference Passionate about education Degree or equivalent  THE RIGHT CANDIDATE WILL HAVE: A detailed knowledge of the curriculum and its means of delivery High standards of communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to work as a team. The ability to work towards deadlines. The ability to motivate both students and your peers. Highly motivated and enthusiastic. Excellent attendance and punctuality. Experience innovating to deliver the curriculum Find out more on our school website or email us via the button below. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6814764/583836162"	"02/12/2018 13:15:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE8J"	NA
"Teacher of RE"	"GBP"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of RE"	"Havant, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Religious Education Teacher for January start!A diverse Academy school in Havant have a great opportunity for a Religious Education Teacher to join their team in the new year. This opportunity is available on a long term basis full time, although part time will be considered for the right candidate. In order to be eligible for this role, candidates must hold a UK QTS or equivalent. Roles and ResponsibilitiesFull planning and delivery of RE across KS3 and 4Regular marking with opportunities for feedbackConstant monitoring of pupils progress and attainment in RECreating open and honest environments for students discussionsA diverse school with a wealth of backgrounds and beliefs, Religious Education should be a subject for rich discussions and honest opinions, where students feel safe to express themselves and share their views. Teachers should create an environment in which all students feel valued and respected. Pupils at this school have a great sense of community and feel respected by their peers and teachers.To send forward your CV for this role, please click the \"Apply\" button. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS3017AFA4/589183456"	"28/11/2018 11:40:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXYp"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies"	"GBP"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Business Studies"	"Havant, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description KS3 and KS4 Business Studies Teacher in HavantThere is a fantastic opportunity for a Business Studies Teacher in a School in Havant. The school offers a great working environment for teachers, with a supportive SLT who encourage the development and progress of their teaching staff and their careers. The school provide high levels of support for their pupils, who are encouraged to reach their full potential whilst studying. With a large Pupil Premium cohort, the school has a focus on the rapid progress of pupils from the moment they join the school, with excellent intervention schemes and close monitoring from the teaching staff. The school are looking for a candidate on a long term basis. The role is advertised as full time although the school are willing to accept ad discuss part time applicants. As a Teacher of Business, you will be required to deliver and resource lesson for KS3 and KS4 and have an active role in the planning and delivery of GCSE students. You must be willing to keep an accurate record of the contents of students work and provide regular opportunities for feedback, verbally and written.Applicants are expected to;-Hold UK QTS or equivalent-Be a positive role model to students and staff-Be willing to grow and achieve within the school-Have strong Knowledge of the curriculum-Contribute well to the classroom and school community-Demonstrate a strong commitment to the schools valuesAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1643A865/588970941"	"28/11/2018 07:35:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVnI"	NA
"TEACHER OF GIRLS' PE Sevenoaks"	"GBP"	"Sevenoaks, Kent"	"Permanent"	"TEACHER OF GIRLS' PE Sevenoaks"	"Sevenoaks, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client school is seeking to appoint a teacher of girls' PE, with the ability to teach a range of team games and sports. The post is suitable for someone who can deliver GCSE dance to a number of option groups in Key Stage 4. They will need to be a team player, who has vision and can take the initiative in all situations. For experienced applicants, it would be desirable they have a proven track record of achieving outstanding results at GCSE or vocational subjects such Cambridge Nationals in Sport, BTEC sport or V-Cert.The Academy are on an exciting journey to outstanding and are looking for a dynamic, inspirational teacher of PE to inspire our young people. Passionate about learning and creative in the classroom, you will be able to demonstrate an ability to teach PE to a consistently high standard and with excellent subject knowledge in Key Stage 3 and 4.The successful candidate will have the ability to teach netball, football, dance, gymnastics, athletics and trampolining. You will need to have enthusiasm, drive, commitment and excellent organisational skills to assist in the development of this department to meet the current and future needs of our students. This post would be suitable for an excellent teacher wishing to broaden their experience, or an ambitious and dynamic NQT.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"Sevenoaks, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSD2EAA3AC/581660964"	"29/11/2018 07:42:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgOm"	NA
"Teacher of Science/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Science/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Science, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817036/588298398"	"02/12/2018 11:07:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaf"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Maths/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Mathematics, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817039/588298368"	"02/12/2018 11:07:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEac"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of English/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon, London - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of English, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817037/588298355"	"02/12/2018 11:07:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaV"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Geography/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon, London - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Geography, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817034/588298263"	"02/12/2018 11:07:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaT"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Maths/Maths NQT - North London"	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths/Maths NQT - North London"	"London - Inner London Salary GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Maths NQT seeking work in North London for July or September 2018? Seeking your first role as a qualified teacher? Want to join a fast improving and progressing department? If so then please read below. Maths teacher - North London - Haringey area July or September start Excellent Senior Management Team Great opportunities for career progression Our client is currently seeking a dedicated, committed and ambitious teacher of Maths for a permanent post in North London. The teacher must have Qualified Teacher Status; have a real drive for teaching and a passion for their students. The school we are recruiting for is a lively, vibrant and energetic establishment which has students from varying social and economic backgrounds enrolled. They are looking for a classroom practitioner who enjoys creating strong relationships with their class and has the ability to engage students of all abilities. If selected you will be teaching at Key Stages 3 & 4 as well as the possibility of A-Level work. You will join a well-structured and successful team which is held in high regards by students and staff alike. For more information on this post please forward your CV by email via the button below. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813616/580802130"	"02/12/2018 09:11:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDz7"	NA
"Teacher of English & Literacy Coordinator"	"29234.00 Annual ) - Band C (48,244) plus Management Allowance 1 (2,721) GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English & Literacy Coordinator"	"Ealing, London - 29234.00 Annual ) - Band C (48,244) plus Management Allowance 1 (2,721) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Band A (£29,234) - Band C (£48,244) plus Management Allowance 1 (£2,721) We require, from Easter or sooner, a committed colleague with a real interest in the provision of quality and imaginative teaching to join an experienced and supportive Faculty of English. The successful candidate will be expected to teach English throughout the school across the age and ability range, including the ability to teach up to and including A Level. They will also be the lead teacher for literacy across the school, where they will develop and implement strategies on whole school literacy. Drayton Manor is a heavily oversubscribed and successful school. Student achievement is high with a value added score at A Level placing us in the top 12% of schools nationally and 50% of GCSE students achieving the English Baccalaureate. We are very proud of our ethos. This school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to apply for an enhanced disclosure from the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS). For further information and an application pack, please visit the Job Vacancy section of the school's website. For any other queries, please contact the school's Human Resources Department on . The closing date is 12 noon, Tuesday, 11 December 2018 No agencies, faxes or CVs. "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"29234.00 Annual ) - Band C (48,244) plus Management Allowance 1 (2,721) GBP"	"DRAYTON MANOR HIGH SCHOOL"	"DRAYTON MANOR HIGH SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6816233/587633808"	"02/12/2018 13:06:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyM"	NA
"Teacher of Geography- 'Secondary School'- North London"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography- 'Secondary School'- North London"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Are you an experienced or NQT on to enhance your career?.**Does this great opportunity in North London sound interesting to you?.**Hold a PGCE, SCITT, GTP etc with QTS?.If this rare and experiential opportunity appeals to you, we want to hear from you ASAP!A thriving Secondary School in North London is looking for an experienced Teacher of Geography/Geography Teacher to join their exceptional Humanities Department to start ASAP on a long term and Full time basis.School Details* North London.** January 2019** Long term and Full time basis** £110 to 180 per day (based on experience)** Great transport links** Average sized school*The school thrives itself on promoting diversity in the school with staff and students originating from diverse backgrounds. All students and staff in the school are educated to become successful regardless of their backgrounds or their heritages and they are taught to be courageous, respect their fellow students and follow the school's guidelines.The staff team are dedicated in providing strategies for students to ensure that all students and staff feel comfortable in the establishment. Furthermore, the school has an ever-growing Humanities department where Geography is one subject favoured by students in the school. Therefore, the staffing team thrives on looking for experienced and enthusiastic individuals to joint their secondary school's staffing team.Details of the RoleThe ideal Teacher of Geography/Geography Teacher will be starting in January 2019 on a permanent and Full time basis. The candiate will be teaching KS3- KS5 UK curriculum Geography lessons in the school with an understanding of different learning strategies to suit all children's learning styles. In addition the role will also prep students for GCSE and A-Level summer examinations.Requirements of the role Be able to start in January 2019Must hold a UK recognised PGCE, SCITT, GTP etc with QTSExperienced KS3-KS5 Teacher of GeographyPlease only apply if you meet the above requirements. You will be contacted if you have been progressed to the next stage of the application process.  "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS78B4E90C/591393030"	"02/12/2018 11:12:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeP"	NA
"English Teacher - Enfield - January - Perm Role"	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"English Teacher - Enfield - January - Perm Role"	"London - 48k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"English Teacher - Enfield - January Are you a passionate and dynamic teacher of English seeking a new role for January? Are you looking for a permanent English teaching role? Do you hold QTS? Can you commute to Enfield? * English teacher required * Permanent/long term supply post * January start * Ofsted outstanding school * Enfield * English teacher My client school, an Ofsted outstanding secondary based in Enfield North London are looking for an English teacher to join the team from January. This is a permanent/long term supply role and will commence in January. The school was recently rated outstanding by Ofsted and is a great environment for teachers who are passionate about their subject. Exam results particularly within the English department have been improving each year and the school are keen to ensure this continues. This is a school where both staff and pupils can flourish within a supportive, inspirational and disciplined environment. This Enfield school are looking for an English teacher who is an expert in their subject with an excellent understanding of the intellectual journey they are taking their pupils on. The English department is a supportive department where good teachers flourish. This English teaching role is a full time post and will commence in January. To apply for this English teaching role please send an up to date CV or call James at Academics on . "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36693652/587594572"	"03/12/2018 13:15:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPH2"	NA
"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens"	"GBP"	"St. Helens, Merseyside"	"Unspecified"	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens"	"St. Helens, Merseyside - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens Milk Education are looking to appoint an EYFS Teacher to work at a School in St Helens in a Reception class. The position is to start Monday 7th January 2019 and the School are looking to meet someone for a chat before they finish for the Christmas break. This role is for 5 full days per week and will be an on-going long-term role. The full teaching cycle is expected at all times, including planning, marking, assessing, recording data, report writing, staff insets and training and parents evenings.The School are happy to look at taking on either an NQT or a Qualified Teacher. Previous EYFS experience is essential and excellent knowledge the EYFS curriculum and assessments is desirable. You must also be committed to working in a Full time role as the school are looking for continuity. The school provides an extremely welcoming environment, a supportive team environment and extremely passionate children. In order to be considered for this role we require you meet the following criteria; Hold a relevant teaching qualification with QTS, such as a PGCE, B.Ed. or a BA Hons.Have eligibility to work in the UK or be a UK resident.Have previous experience of working in a UK Primary School.Two suitable references covering the last 2 years.Hold a current DBS that is registered with the update service or be willing to apply for a new one.In return MILK Education can offer; Excellent rates of pay.Direct links to local schools.Dedicated Consultants who will cater for your employment needs with 24/7 availabilityCommitment to quality and safeguarding.24/7 support for interview and lesson observation preparation.In order to be considered for this role or any other opportunities we have please click 'apply' below for one of our dedicated consultants to get in touch. Privacy Statement At Milk Education, our core values have been built around the importance of transparency, innovation, passion and collaboration. As such, we are committed to open communication and the protection of your privacy. We have updated our policies in line with new General Data Protection Regulation laws to make it easier for you to understand how we collect, store and handle your data- These can be viewed on our website via our privacy policy. "	"St. Helens, Merseyside, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Milk Education"	"Milk Education"	"JS3561_36745607/592834076"	"02/12/2018 13:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEvk"	NA
"PE teacher needed for all girls school in Liverpool"	"75.00 - 105.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Liverpool"	"Unspecified"	"PE teacher needed for all girls school in Liverpool"	"City, Liverpool - 75.00 - 105.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"PE teacher for an all-girls school in Liverpool PE teacher required for an all-girls school the start of the new academic year; this fantastic school based in Liverpool, are looking for an inspiring PE teacher who will contribute to the wider success of the school. You should be comfortable taking on a timetable which will include groups within KS3, KS4 and KS5. The school is highly regarded for its pupil progress. You will be expected to have a good knowledge of the national curriculum and be a dedicated and energetic PE teacher. The successful PE teacher will have: QTS or a broad range of coaching qualifications and a relevant higher level diplomaExperience in the sports coaching and/or education sectorHave the ability to deliver high quality sport and physical activity sessions across the National CurriculumHave a knowledge and understanding of effective pupil behaviour management and be able to implement strategies with a class of 30 childrenIn return you will receive Good rates of payA no hassle payment schemeWorking in a rewarding environmentOutstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way, with excellent industry experience and in-depth knowledgeAn excellent 'recommend a friend' schemeIf you are the right PE teacher for this role, then please call Sam Leadbetter on or email  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Liverpool, UK"	"Education"	NA	"75.00 - 105.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"JS3561_36721658/590496388"	"01/12/2018 09:03:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxFf"	NA
"QTS Teacher All Primary PPA-Part Time- Immediate Start"	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"QTS Teacher All Primary PPA-Part Time- Immediate Start"	"London - 120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"QTS Teacher Needed For All Primary PPA Cover- Part Time Teacher Needed in Tooting - Immediate Start  Are you a qualified teacher looking for an exciting new role? Do you want to work in a school that is dedicated to nurturing well-rounded, confident children equipped for their future? TeacherActive is seeking to recruit a teacher for PPA throughout the all year groups for a large and very popular primary school in Tooting. January start to the end of the academic year, with the potential to going on longer for the right teacher. The successful teacher will be working with children of mixed abilities. It is essential that you have good working knowledge of the Primary National Curriculum and that you have experience of planning and delivering quality learning experiences for pupils.To be considered for this position you must have: Qualified Teacher Status/QTS (Newly Qualified Teacher welcome)Experience of working in Key Stage 1 & Key Stage 2 An innovative and creative approach to teachingThe ability to manage the class and deal with challenging behaviorIn return, TeacherActive will ensure that you are well-supported in this role and aim to provide you with further excellent opportunities in your career. To do this, we will provide you with: Good rates of payAn efficient clearance process in order to register you and get you working as quickly as possibleAn excellent 'recommend a friend' scheme.Terms and Conditions apply*If you feel you would be well suited to the role and would like to find out more please contact with Alex Madrell on or via email :  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"TeacherActive - Education Recruitment"	"JS3561_36720829/590369504"	"01/12/2018 09:02:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxDW"	NA
"MFL Teacher/2nd in Department"	"£33,500 - £49,500"	"City of London"	"Permanent"	"MFL Teacher/2nd in Department"	"City of London - £33,500 - £49,500"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"MFL Teacher/2nd in Department (French & Spanish) is required for an inspirational, high achieving, Outstanding graded school in Central London, starting September 2019!If you're an experienced MFL Teacher looking for promotion, this inspirational school in central London would love to hear from you.If you're an experienced MFL Teacher/2nd in Department, looking to work in a high achieving school, and can offer dynamic leadership. this could be a great opportunity for you!MFL Teacher/2nd in DepartmentInnovative Leading Edge status Secondary School with Sixth formPermanent post from September 2019Salary: MPS/UPS + TLR2b (£33,500 - £49,500)Deemed 'Outstanding' by OFSTED 2017Top 5% Nationally for Progress 879% of students gained 5 9-5 GCSEs, including Maths & English, 2018Leading Teacher Training School with first class CPDExcellent preparation for Head of Department/Assistant PrincipalOne of the Best Non-Selective mixed school in Central LondonHigh aspirations? Looking for an exciting new challenge? This school is a vibrant and exciting place to work and was graded as outstanding in all areas by Ofsted in June 2017. In 2018, this school achieved a Progress 8 score of 0.52, placing them well within the top 5% of highest performing schools nationally. They have a desire to be in the top 1%.This truly inspiring secondary school in Central London is looking for a truly dynamic MFL Teacher/2nd in Department from September 2019. This is a school with a tight, robust and no-nonsense behaviour systems in place, which ensures you can really teach.From September, they are looking for a MFL Teacher/2nd in Department who can support lead a large French and Spanish department of innovative, dynamic teachers, who themselves, have been graded good/outstanding.With great students who behave impeccably, an outstanding team of staff, state of the art facilities, and a very pleasant location in beautiful Central London, this school offers an excellent opportunity for an ambitious, talented individual looking to develop their career. Ofsted highlighted their very effective staff training and support and outstanding CPD.This school has a very comprehensive, and effective, development programme, bringing all subject areas together every week to share best practice. The school teaches a challenging academic curriculum for all students and they are driven by a desire, at the core of their mission, to get the best possible results for all of our students, no matter what their starting points or circumstances.They are now looking for a MFL Teacher/2nd in Department, an exceptional individual to play an important role in their unique and growing school. The successful candidate will be an excellent teacher of MFL, with proven middle leadership experience. This is an excellent MFL Teacher/2nd in Department opportunity for an ambitious practitioner, who wants to help lead the rapidly growing MFL curriculum area and make a real impact on further driving up attainment and progress in MFL.If you would like to apply for this leadership post, please send a CV and covering letter to Nigel Horne at Educatus Recruitment ASAP."	"City of London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£33,500 - £49,500"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"JS3561_36718366/590127660"	"29/11/2018 15:03:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjHD"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Havant, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher of PE needed for \"Good\" School in Havant!This School is an over subscribed mixed secondary school based in Hampshire. The school are committed to providing a supportive environment for its staff and pupils, and has high expectations for all.They are looking for a passionate and dynamic teacher to join their expanding PE department that has recently benefited from an update to its facilities. The department is well resourced with a fantastic staff team with a wide variety of skill sets and training.The school are open to applicants from any career points, therefore welcome NQTs. It is a positive environment in which to begin, or continue your career in teaching under the guidance of an excellent SLT. You will make a positive impact on this department who wishes to grow its KS4 opportunities and its extra curricular timetable.Person Specification, you should be/have:Fully Qualified Science Teacher, with UK QTS or Overseas equivalentAble to teach PE up to KS4Able to inspire colleagues and students alikePassionate about their subject, ideally with specialismInnovative and creative in the delivery of lessonsShould be familiar with best practise in PEAble to enthuse and support studentsNumeration and Benefits:You will enjoy a vibrant and collaborative environment, where you are offered the support and resources needed to succeedDedicated Consultant at Teaching PersonnelRegular CPD in SchoolIndustry leading training from Teaching Personnel To apply for this role please hit \"Apply\" to send us your CVAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS2BE45FF0/590483968"	"01/12/2018 11:07:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzwI"	NA
"Science Teacher - Slough"	""	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Contract"	"Science Teacher - Slough"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"KS3 - 5 Science Teacher Science Teacher with QTS required for Outstanding School for immediate start. I am currently recruiting for a teacher of Science for a Secondary School, based in Hounslow, TW7. This is a full time position and will be a long term temporary contract for an academic year. Person Specification The ideal teacher must hold QTS or equivalent and must be able to commit for 1 full academic year. The school would prefer an experienced teacher, however is happy to consider newly qualified teachers eager to broaden their experience. You must be a teacher dedicated in aiding the learning of children and aim to raise attainment. Successful Teachers will be subject to references and a DBS on the update service or be happy to apply for a new DBS. About the role The successful candidate will be joining a successful, supportive Science Department. You must be willing to teach across all of the science subjects, including Biology, Chemistry and Physics. You will teach Key stage three through to Key Stage four. You will be supported by a Teaching Assistant in the class for all periods. You will have complete responsibility for the class including, planning and preparing lessons, delivering lessons and assessing students. When you apply with Career Teachers, you get: Competitive rates of payProfessional support from our team of experience consultantsOpportunities to progress your careerOngoing career advice from a dedicated consultantFree face to face CPD coursesPlus, 'recommend a friend' who is looking for a new role and we will thank you with £250 of Amazon vouchers for every teacher and £75 of Amazon vouchers for every teaching assistant who registers and works for 10 days. At Career Teachers we are fully compliant with Agency Worker Regulations, ensuring you receive equal treatment for pay and conditions after a 12 week qualifying period.  Important Notice: In order for you to be successful in applying for the above position you should be eligible to work in the UK, or hold a relevant work visa. Safeguarding, quality and integrity are at the heart of what we do. During the application process you are required to: - Attend an interview in person; - Give details for us to complete Reference checks; - Provide an Enhanced DBS disclosure We are committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. We have a policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to reply to individual enquiries. If we have not contacted you within this specified time your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion, we encourage you to Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Business and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients. "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Career Teachers"	"Career Teachers"	"JS3561_36473417/589178894"	"28/11/2018 07:24:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVj0"	NA
"English Teacher - Enfield - January - Perm Role"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"English Teacher - Enfield - January - Perm Role"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description English Teacher - Enfield - JanuaryAre you a passionate and dynamic teacher of English seeking a new role for January?Are you looking for a permanent English teaching role?Do you hold QTS?Can you commute to Enfield?.* English teacher required* Permanent/long term supply post* January start* Ofsted outstanding school* Enfield* English teacherMy client school, an Ofsted outstanding secondary based in Enfield North London are looking for an English teacher to join the team from January. This is a permanent/long term supply role and will commence in January.The school was recently rated outstanding by Ofsted and is a great environment for teachers who are passionate about their subject. Exam results particularly within the English department have been improving each year and the school are keen to ensure this continues.This is a school where both staff and pupils can flourish within a supportive, inspirational and disciplined environment.This Enfield school are looking for an English teacher who is an expert in their subject with an excellent understanding of the intellectual journey they are taking their pupils on.The English department is a supportive department where good teachers flourish.This English teaching role is a full time post and will commence in January.To apply for this English teaching role please send an up to date CV or call James at Academics on . "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSEE8FE53F/587509362"	"03/12/2018 12:09:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOXK"	NA
"Maths Teacher - Beckenham - Secondary School - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Beckenham, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Maths Teacher - Beckenham - Secondary School - January 2019"	"Beckenham, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Maths Teacher - Beckenham - Secondary School - January 2019A co-ed secondary school in Beckenham is looking for a fully qualified Maths teacher to start a Full time position in January 2019. This school has been rated 'Good' by Ofsted and has been commended for its approach to staff-student relations, resulting in a vast improvement in behaviour and exam results.The ideal candidate for this role will be enthusiastic and passionate about their subject and will have extensive knowledge in Mathematics They will also need to have had at least a year's experience, teaching Mathematics in a UK secondary School.About the role: A permanent Maths teaching role in a co-ed secondary school in BeckenhamStarting in January 2019M1 £27,596 - M6 £38,963 Outer London pay scale (UPS also available)Teaching Maths from KS3 - KS5Candidate will have QTS in the U.K.Candidate will a PGCE in MathsCandidate will have at least 1 year teaching Maths in a UK secondary schoolIf you are available for this role and meet the criteria stated, please APPLY and we will contact you for a detailed conversation.After applying, you can also contact Chris on  "	"Beckenham, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS8D1572ED/591393177"	"01/12/2018 11:07:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzwD"	NA
"Science Teacher Job in Manchester"	"GBP"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher Job in Manchester"	"Manchester, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher - Full Time - Manchester - January 2019 We are seeking a Science Teacher or Newly Qualified Science Teacher to join the department in January for a long term, full time position. Full time position for a Science Teacher capable of teaching all 3 Sciences up to GCSE levelWorking within a large modern secondary school in Manchester graded 'Good' by OfstedGet paid up to £39,406 in line with teaching scale point (MPS/UPS)Ongoing position with the potential of a permanent contractOpportunity to further develop your skillset through Teaching Personnel's CPD coursesDue to a gap in department our client school are seeking a Science Teacher capable of teaching all 3 Sciences to KS3 and GSCE level to join the school in January. This is a great opportunity for both an experienced Science Teacher or one who is newly qualified, with full support given from the school and department.You will be working within a large modern secondary school in Manchester graded 'Good' by Ofsted. The school has an excellent reputation within the community and has recently undergone a multimillion pound refurbishment, resulting in excellent teaching and learning provisions throughout. The school will require the incoming Science Teacher to be confident in upholding this reputation and be capable of raising attainment throughout the department and delivering consistent results.For further information on this position or if you would like to know of any other opportunities we have for Science Teachers in the Manchester area simply reply to this advert with an up to date CV or call us at the Manchester North Secondary branch of Teaching Personnel.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC0A2B373/590433163"	"01/12/2018 09:05:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxJd"	NA
"Reception Teacher"	"£29,306- £43,348 GBP"	"Waltham Forest, London"	"Permanent"	"Reception Teacher"	"Waltham Forest, London - £29,306- £43,348 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Reception Teacher- Waltham Forest, London- January 2019 Are you a passionate primary teacher seeking a new role for January 2019?  Would you like to work in a primary school that offers excellent education and training to all staff?  When was the last time you were happy in your job?  Do you have one years experience working as a Teacher?  Are you a NQT?  Are you looking to work within the London Borough of Waltham Forest?  If yes, Academics may have the perfect job for you!  Academics are currently working with a lovely school in Waltham Forest that are looking for a Reception Teacher to join in January. The school itself is 3 Form entry and OFSTED 'OUTSTANDING'! Reception TeacherPermanent or long term supply contractFull Time£29,306- £43,348OFSTED 'OUTSTANDING'Waltham ForestExcellent Education and Training The successful Reception Teacher will be joining a passionate KS1 team where planning is shared and the staff are friendly. The Reception class are eager to learn children who are excited for a new enthusiastic teacher. The school has recently undergone renovation modernising all facilities and has a large, green playground for after school activities.  To apply for this role, you must be eligible to work in the UK and hold QTS. Reception Teacher- Waltham Forest, London- January 2019Academics ensures all schools offer teachers education and training! "	"Waltham Forest, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£29,306- £43,348 GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSA51A9833/589183455"	"29/11/2018 11:36:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhmw"	NA
"PE Teacher - Enfield"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher - Enfield"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Job Description PE Teacher - Enfield Engage Education is currently working with a good school in Enfield who are seeking a PE teacher to join their dynamic team from January 2019. The successful applicant will be expected to lead inspirational lessons to all pupils in Physical Education & PSHE. The incoming PE teacher will be expected to deliver dynamic lessons that stretch their classes and encourage a passion for the subject.The school requires the ideal candidate to have experience of teaching PE at secondary school level. Experience of teaching PE to an equivalent GCSE level in another country will be taken into consideration.You will be joining a supportive staff team, working towards rising student attainment through outstanding teaching and learning. As a member of this school, you can expect to receive ongoing support and training.Engage Education are a widely recognised, award winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We:Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersAll applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification.If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education.Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR require "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Engage Education"	"Engage Education"	"JSFBD0283E/577732611"	"27/11/2018 02:29:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkKL7"	NA
"Secondary Teacher in Bristol"	"£90 - £110 per day"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Secondary Teacher in Bristol"	"Bristol - £90 - £110 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Secondary Teacher in BristolWe are currently looking to appoint a Secondary Supply Teacher based in Bristol for November 2018. Monarch Education is one of the most established supply agencies in Bristol and is currently working very closely with a large number of Secondary Schools in Bristol as their first port of call of supply, as well as schools in the surrounding local area. This includes schools in Bath, Keynsham, Frome, Radstock, Trowbridge, Chippenham, Corsham, Melksham and Devizes.We are looking for you to teach on a supply basis within Ofsted 'Good' and 'Outstanding' schools with on either a part time or Full time basis in Bristol and the immediate surrounding area. You will be covering lessons with work set in place by the department and ensuring that pupils compete their set tasks. Our schools have high expectations of our teachers and expect you to lead the class and engage and interact with their students. There will be opportunities to work within both mainstream and independent schools. The benefits of working with Monarch as a supply teacher include a high level of flexibility in when you work so we can work around you and your commitments, as well as the ability to work in and become familiar with schools local to you. This includes the opportunity to work in high achieving Independent Schools. We have well established relationships with schools in the area having worked with them for over 8 years so I have exceptional and personal knowledge of the local schools, their ethos and teaching environments. If you are seeking a more long-term or permanent position in the near future, we are in a fantastic position to place you into roles within these schools as there is a high demand for Secondary teachers that are looking to commit and take the next step in their teaching career. A large proportion of our positions become permanent as we have excellent relationships with our secondary schools and we have previously placed people into both Full time and part time permanent positions. Subjects that have been particularly sought after so far this academic year for long-term roles include English, Maths, Science, Drama and Geography, although this list is by no means exhaustive and we welcome applicants from any subject specialism. If you are an NQT we can provide the opportunity to develop your teaching skills and experience within a diverse range of local schools. We welcome applicants from NQTs as we have regularly assisted newly qualified teachers with signing off their Induction and finding their first permanent position in the local area. Monarch Education provide CPD to our staff including the opportunity to gain qualifications such as Team Teach training and has been awarded the REC Gold Standard to denote excellence in providing staff to schools. In order to be consider for this you will need: *To hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) *Have experience of teaching within a UK Secondary School *Have a thorough understanding of your subject's National Curriculum. *Be prepared to cover subjects outside of your subject specialism *Be committed to furthering pupils' learning *Be flexible and adaptable The daily rate of pay for this role is £90 - £110 per day depending upon the number of years teaching experience you have. For long-term and permanent positions this is higher and dependent upon the role in question. If you are successful in being appointed for this role you will be required to provide an up to date CV, two educational references, have a face to face interview and have an up to date DBS certificate check. Alternatively, if you know of someone who would suit this position, or is looking for a new teaching role, please let us know as you will receive a £200 referral fee. Monarch Education also work across the whole of the South West so if you are looking for work further afield in Bristol, Wiltshire, Swindon, Somerset, Gloucestershire we are able to help. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£90 - £110 per day"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSC1EDE696/577732498"	"27/11/2018 01:21:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkHzv"	NA
"Maths NQT/Teacher of Maths (September 2019)"	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths NQT/Teacher of Maths (September 2019)"	"Hackney, London - Inner London Salary + Bonuses GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) - Hackney We are seeking a talented Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) for a brilliant Secondary school based in Hackney for September 2019. Do you have excellent Mathematical subject knowledge and a passion for delivering high quality teaching and learning within Maths? Are you an NQT in search of your first teaching post for September 2019? This is an exciting opportunity for a Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) to join a well-established secondary school and Maths Department. Outstanding School by OFSTED Permanent Teaching Post Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) Applications from NQTs are warmly encouraged Main Pay Scale Inner London Maths NQT Vacancy London Borough of Hackney High achieving Maths Department This highly successful Secondary School in Hackney are looking to recruit a talented and ambitious Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) for September. Based in Central Hackney, the school has an outstanding reputation in the community for providing high quality teaching and learning to its students. The school are looking for a Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) who is committed to raising standards and expectations not only within Maths but within the wider school community. There are ample opportunities for progression within the school for the right candidate after successful completion of a satisfactory induction year. The appointed Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) that joins will be offered a highly regarded induction programme and CPD opportunities to help develop your career. The Maths department is a positive and hard working environment with many inspirational teachers. If you are looking for a school where you are able to inspire students and be passionate about your subject of Maths then we would like to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV today - we looking forward to hearing from potential Maths NQTs.  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6816064/589241377"	"02/12/2018 11:10:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEcz"	NA
"Science Teacher/Teacher of Science/NQT - Central London"	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher/Teacher of Science/NQT - Central London"	"London - Inner London Salary GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A forward thinking and innovative teacher of Science is required in Greater London for a July or September start (2019) Science Teacher Specialism of Biology, Chemistry or Physics Science to Key Stage 4 MPS Inner London Permanent/Full time contract The NQT Partnership are looking for an energetic, enthusiastic and highly motivated Science NQT to join a supportive and high achieving department. This role represents a unique opportunity to join an academy school with the highest expectations for pupils and staff, and to help shape the school's continued growth. You will be applying for a role in a school with a brilliant track record for supporting Newly Qualified Teachers. You will be offered an experienced mentor and a reduced timetable during your first year. To apply for this job, you must: Hold UK QTS, QTLS, or an overseas teaching qualification including degree Have good subject knowledge Have a specialism of either Biology, Chemistry or Physics (Key Stage 5) Prepare and deliver lessons to a range of classes of different ages and abilities If you would like to know more about this vacancy, please forward a most recent CV. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813617/580802640"	"02/12/2018 11:12:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEed"	NA
"ENGLISH TEACHER NEEDED IN THE NEW FOREST"	"GBP"	"Forest, Channel Isles"	"Permanent"	"ENGLISH TEACHER NEEDED IN THE NEW FOREST"	"Forest, Channel Isles - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description New Forest English Teacher!Teaching Personnel are currently looking for a English Teacher to work in a specialist SEN provision based in the New Forest. The provision provides a complete education and care service for young boys and girls aged between 11 - 16 years of age with severe learning difficulties and autistic spectrum disorder.The provision provides short-term placements and residential support for individuals across Hampshire who need additional behavioural, emotional or medical support. The role and responsibilities:Plan, deliver and mark sessions for boys and girls with complex SEN and Learning DifficultiesEngage and motivate pupilsInspire trust and confidence in pupils, colleagues, parents and other professionalsPlan and lead children in off-site enrichment activitiesEnsure you uphold all safeguarding procedures, including engaging in annual safeguarding training, including induction trainingThe candidate:Minimum of 2 years English teaching experienceExperience of working with children with SEN, SEMH or ASCA commitment to ongoing professional development.An excellent knowledge of the specialist curriculum area and how it may be effectively taught.QTSFull comprehensive knowledge of the Science curriculumTeaching Personnel are committed to safeguarding and the welfare of children. All candidates applying for positions with Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure DBS check (CHILD WORKFORCE ONLY). Full assistance is provided during this process. In addition, applicants will be subject to reference collection to determine suitability to working environment.If you're interested in this role, please contact Teaching Personnel on the details provided.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Forest, Channel Isles, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS6D8C1E33/584011119"	"02/12/2018 07:31:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCwl"	NA
"Reception Teacher - East London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reception Teacher - East London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Role:- Reception Class TeacherLocation: East London Ofsted: Good Start Date:- January 2019 Salary:- M1-M6 Inner London Benefits; TLR's available for the right candidate*NQT's are urged to apply!A Good Ofsted rated school in East London is seeking a Reception Teacher to join their school from January 2019. As Reception class teacher in this school you will have pleasure of working with a diverse team of teachers that take great pride in making this school a stimulating and inspiring place for pupils and staff to work. The school is located within the heart of East London. We are working with the head teachers and governors to recruit a teacher that is: able to raise and sustain standardshas excellent interpersonal skills and enjoys working with pupils, staff and parentshas excellent curriculum knowledgeis able to enthuse and inspire childrencan contribute to a professional and committed teamWe can offer:supportive, motivated colleaguesenthusiastic pupils and supportive parentshighly supportive and enthusiastic mentora diverse and vibrant community schoolThe school is urging both newly qualified and experienced teachers to apply for this exciting chance to be a Reception Class Teacher at their school.If you meet the criteria below, please send your CV ASAP to Cara at Reeson EducationTeachers applying for this role, must hold the following:A Recognised Teaching Qualification with QTSIdeally previous experience of working within a Reception classTwo Teaching Related ReferencesA recent CRB or DBS"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSF2B21531/591737220"	"02/12/2018 13:06:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEya"	NA
"Art Teacher - East London Boroughs - January 2019"	"130.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Art Teacher - East London Boroughs - January 2019"	"London - 130.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Are you an Art Teacher based in East London who is looking for a new opportunity in the new year?Prospero Teaching is looking for Art Teachers who are seeking a new position in the Boroughs of East London: Tower Hamlets, Hackney, Newham, Waltham Forest, Redbridge, Barking and Dagenham, and Havering.Acting as a work-finding service, we provide supply cover to a range of Primary, Secondary and SEND Schools; from small village schools to large secondary schools and help teachers find permanent contracts too.We are looking for Secondary school Art Teachers who can teach from KS3 through to KS5 and who have strong behaviour management skills and are passionate about teaching.Prospero Teaching work with both newly qualified teachers and experienced teachers by helping you find your next position whether that be temporary or permanent.CONTRACT/POSITION DETAILS* Various locations across East London Boroughs* Position - Art Teacher* Type of work - Art Teacher on a temporary or permanent basis* Start date - 2nd January 2019* Duration - minimum of one term* End date - N/A* Contract type - Temporary or Permanent Art Teacher* Full time/part time - Part time and full time depending on yours and the schools needs* Minimum rate of pay - Minimum rate £125 per day - PAID TO SCALE (UK Teacher Pay Scale)* Hours - 8:30 am - 4pm (full day)EXPERIENCE, TRAINING AND QUALIFICATIONS* QTS, QTLS, PGCE, or equivalent* Previous experience working in a UK school* Up to date Safeguarding training issued in the last yearTO BE ELIGIBLE FOR THIS ROLE THROUGH PROSPERO TEACHING, YOU MUST:* Hold Right to Work in the UK* Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application* Provide two professional child related referencesOTHER If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV. Unfortunately, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy. Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful candidate: * Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour management * In-house Training and Development Team Refer a Friend"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36722012/590492795"	"02/12/2018 09:07:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDxM"	NA
"Food Teacher Required in Bristol"	""	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Food Teacher Required in Bristol"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Design & Technology - Food & Nutrition - Teacher Required in Bristol - October 2018We are looking for a qualified teacher of Design & Technology to teach Food & Nutrition at a successful Ofsted 'Good' Secondary school in Bristol from January 2018. This is a Full time Food Technology teaching role as part of a long-term absence and includes the full teaching role.The role ends in July 2019 and the school welcomes applicants from NQTs as well as more experienced teachers of Food Technology. The timetable consists of Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4 classes, and it is essential that you can teach the Food & Nutrition syllabus to Year 11 GCSE classes. To be considered for this role you must:*Hold QTS status*Have a thorough and in-depth knowledge of the Food & Nutrition curriculum across all Key Stage 3 and 4.*Have the ability to work collaboratively within a well-established, supportive and dynamic Technology DepartmentThe school is a large secondary school with just over 1300 pupils on roll with a strong reputation within the community. They place a lot of emphasis on relationships between the staff and students alike and offer a high level of support to their staff. You will also benefit from an incredibly well structured support team within the school. The department is well established, organised and will offer a high level of support to all of its department members.First impressions count for a lot at this school; they like staff to be punctual and adhere to a smart business attire. You will be expected to embrace their ethos and uphold their high expectations for behaviour.Monarch Education have a very established relationship with the school having previously placed staff into long-time roles within the school. It has a fantastic reputation within our staff who praise it's organisation, high standards and expectations. All applicants are required to provide two educational references, have a face to face interview and have a new DBS disclosure. Monarch Education has been awarded the REC Gold Standard to denote excellence in providing staff to schools. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSF34F2CF2/577732592"	"27/11/2018 00:58:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkG4q"	NA
"Music Teacher in West Acton."	"400.00 - 27300.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Music Teacher in West Acton."	"London - 400.00 - 27300.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Are you an inspiring Music teacher who is looking for their next rewarding career? J and C Education are actively looking for a passionate, creative, experienced Primary School Music Teacher that is able to deliver high quality, engaging Music lessons in West Acton. Start Date - January 2019 Salary: £23400- £27300 pro rata depending on experience Interviewing: ASAP J and C have a fantastic role available at one of our partnering school, who are looking for a KS1 & KS2 music teacher to deliver the music curriculum. Our friendly school highly values the importance of the music and the arts. Your time would be spent delivering the music curriculum as part of their PPA cover, whilst also leading the choir and music ensembles. The ideal candidate will be able to deliver inspiring lessons in accordance with National Curriculum requirements to KS1 AND KS2 children. They must also be able to coordinate extra curriculum activities such as choirs and singing assemblies at an excellent standard. The school has many music events throughout the year therefore the ideal candidate must be able to coordinate and show case both school choirs and ensembles during these events The successful candidate needs to be confident in their ability to teach outstanding lessons, demonstrating enthusiasm and passion at all times. They must be able to have excellent behavior and classroom management and be able to motivate and inspire children to exceed. Our teachers are consistent, and are able to 'think outside of the box' whilst also leading the music department at our schools. We pride ourselves in placing autonomous teachers which is why schools choose to partner with us. We will only consider teachers who meet these exact requirements. Essential Requirements: 2 years + UK primary music teaching experienceDBS ClearanceAble to engage and inspire at all timesA strong classroom managementMust be able to integrate in the school community and organise extra curriculum activities and concerts.Benefits of working with J and C Education: Career progressionFriendly and reactive teamFamily of musiciansPlanning providedContinued Professional DevelopmentTraining DaysSocial Events1 to 1 mentor to guide you through your teaching journeyWe are also working on a number of vacancies, so even if this one doesn't fit your requirements, we may have something more suitable for you "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"400.00 - 27300.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"J and C Education"	"J and C Education"	"JS3561_36739719/591758859"	"01/12/2018 09:02:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxEl"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher"	"170.00 - 220.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Food Technology Teacher"	"London - 170.00 - 220.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Food Technology TeacherDecember 2018 - July 2019West London More information: Our client is a fantastic school in West London with a good Ofsted rating. They not only excel academically but encourage extracurricular activity for all pupils as they prepare them for their adult life and their continuing excellence is testament to the enthusiasm and dedication of both students and staff. The quality of learning and teaching is at the centre of any school's success and both teachers and support staff work together to ensure that all pupils at the school have an appropriately challenging curriculum, matched to their ability and expertly delivered. Our client therefore has very high expectations of its teachers. Teaching classes at Key Stages 3 & 4, the successful Food Technology Teacher will also need to be able to teach Graphics at a similar level and you will need to have gained experience in similar UK schools. The successful candidate will be capable of demonstrating outstanding practice and be prepared to share their skill with all team members. There will be an expectation for the successful candidate to be inspirational to both staff and students by showing creative approaches to the delivery of the curriculum. You will have a proactive teaching style and be inspirational in the planning and delivery of your lessons. With strong classroom management skills you will be able to deliver engaging, dynamic and interesting lessons, be an exceptional communicator and have a track record of exceptional achievement, whether that is from previous positions or during training and qualification. Requirement: You will be qualified to teach in the UK holding QTS following your PGCE, SCITT, GTP or OTT. You will have a good degree in the subject area or a relevant subject. You will have a solid CV of teaching in the UK classroom to the UK curriculum. You will be an inspirational educator to plan and deliver exceptional lessons. You will be capable of demonstrating outstanding practice in your classroom. You will be prepared to be a part of the wider school community. Compliance: As usual, references will be required from at least your last 2 teaching positions and you will be required to have a current Enhanced DBS for this role. You will be required to undergo the usual safeguarding and compliance processes with iQ Education. How to apply: If this role is of interest to you, if your situation, availability and experiences meet the above criteria and if you have the right to work in the UK APPLY NOW. iQ Education is a recruitment agency and business that works with schools and academies across London and the Home counties helping them source and recruit excellent teachers and support staff for their temporary and permanent roles. We have been retained by our client to help them recruit for this position. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"170.00 - 220.00 Annual GBP"	"IQ EDUCATION"	"IQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36693644/587595618"	"03/12/2018 13:14:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPHU"	NA
"DT Teacher - North London"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"DT Teacher - North London"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for a DT teacher (Product design) to work within an Outstanding North London school from January 2019. This is a part-time post 4 days a week teaching product design for 2 terms in the first instance (maternity). This is an Outstanding mixed school with \"impeccable behaviour\" and an excellent reputation within the local community. The DT department is particularly successful and boasts an approachable and supportive head of department; the post will involve teaching DT & Product Design at Key stage 3 & 4. This post is suitable for both NQT's and experienced teachers. To be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an Outstanding mixed school which was categorised in as Outstanding in all aspects of the report. Academically the school achieves 77% A*-C including English and Maths, the students are engaged and eager to learn and staff members are welcoming and friends. The school recently underwent a building project of £23.4 million which has resulted in state of the art facilities and several new buildings on campus. The school currently has over 1150 students currently on roll and recently opened a new 6th form. All in all this is a fantastic place to work both in terms of students and staff members.Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the core values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.ApplicationTo be considered for this opportunity or to find out more please forward an updated CV as soon as possible. "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS7BACBC97/591737440"	"02/12/2018 13:06:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyQ"	NA
"Maths Teacher up to KS5"	"GBP"	"Carnforth, Lancashire"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher up to KS5"	"Carnforth, Lancashire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Rotherwood Teachers are seeking to appoint a Mathematics Teacher, commencing ASAP this role will be on going  You must be a strong practitioner To teach Maths to groups of students from all abilities across KS3 to KS5To ensure that all lessons are planned, with clear aims and objectivesTo ensure that all lessons are delivered in line with the departmental schemes of work and school policiesTo take into account the differing ability of students and differentiate work accordinglyTo encourage all students to be actively engaged in their own learning and in reviewing their progress against targetsTo ensure that all students are known by name and that the classroom atmosphere is positive at all timesTo encourage and foster intellectual curiosityTo deal with inappropriate behaviour quickly and effectively according to the school behaviour policyTo check that all subject matter is effectively communicated and understood by all groups of studentsHold a valid Teaching Qualification, such as a PGCE, QTS or QTLS  Provide details of at least two referees covering the last 5 years work history Possess a current criminal record check (Enhanced DBS certificate that is registered with the online update service) or be prepared to apply for one as part of your registration  Be committed to the safeguarding of children and young people  Be willing to complete a face to face registration and satisfy several checks  Please contact Rotherwood Teachers NOW! "	"Carnforth, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Rotherwood Recruitment"	"Rotherwood Recruitment"	"JS3561_36743363/591898397"	"02/12/2018 09:09:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDzI"	NA
"Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for a science teacher to work within an Outstanding mixed school in central London. The successful science teacher will be teaching across key stages 3 & 4 on a Full time basis. This post will initially run until the end of the academic year. The school is happy to receive applications from both NQT's and experienced teachers. The science department is highly successful and achieves excellent results year in year out and additional boasts an approachable and supportive head of department. To be considered for this opportunity please forward an updated CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an Outstanding mixed school which is culturally diverse and situated in central London. The school has a long-standing history of academic excellence (75% A*-C including English and maths) in addition to a near perfect Outstanding Ofsted report. The school has a brilliant ethos which promotes a fantastic environment to work within both in terms of staff members and students. This oversubscribed school is easily accessible by public transport and has state of the art facilities. The senior leadership team are approachable and supportive and behaviour at the school is good. The school encourages intellectual curiosity, entrepreneurial spirit and fosters a real sense of communal endeavor. The school has gained national recognition for it's on-going drive to improve outcomes for students with an inspirational head teacher. This is a fantastic opportunity to work within one of the best schools within London Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.ApplicationTo be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible. "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSBC4F65A8/589183499"	"29/11/2018 15:41:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjPS"	NA
"Drama Teacher"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Drama Teacher"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for a drama teacher to work within an Outstanding mixed school in central London. The successful drama teacher will be teaching across key stages 3 & 4 on a Full time basis. This post will initially run until the end of the academic year in the first instance. The drama department is highly successful and achieves excellent results year in year out and additional boasts an approachable and supportive head of department. School InformationThis is an Outstanding mixed school which is culturally diverse and situated in central London. The school has a long-standing history of academic excellence (75% A*-C including English and maths) in addition to a near perfect Outstanding Ofsted report. The school has a brilliant ethos which promotes a fantastic environment to work within both in terms of staff members and students. This oversubscribed school is easily accessible by public transport and has state of the art facilities. The senior leadership team are approachable and supportive and behaviour at the school is good. The school encourages intellectual curiosity, entrepreneurial spirit and fosters a real sense of communal endeavor. The school has gained national recognition for it's on-going drive to improve outcomes for students with an inspirational head teacher. This is a fantastic opportunity to work within one of the best schools within London Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London."	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS13AB59F0/589183504"	"29/11/2018 15:41:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjPR"	NA
"KS2 teacher/Year 3 or 4 teacher"	"up to £180 per day GBP"	"Lewisham, London"	"Contract"	"KS2 teacher/Year 3 or 4 teacher"	"Lewisham, London - up to £180 per day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is currently seeking a KS2 teacher/Year 3 or 4 teacher for a friendly primary school situated in Lewisham, south east London. The position is to start in January 2019 and will be on a long-term supply basis initially.The KS2 teacher/Year 3 or 4 teacher role:Teaching year 3 or 4 class in a supportive KS2 phaseIn-class TA and LSA supportLong-term supply contract with the possibility of a direct contract with the schoolDaily rate up to £180 per dayWhat you'll need to apply for the KS2 teacher/Year 3 or 4 teacher role?Experience teaching KS1 or KS2 in the UKQTS - Achieved through a PGCE, Bachelor of Education, GTP or equivalentAn up-to-date DBS, ideally registered with the update serviceTwo teaching related references from last two employers. REESON Education is London's premier teaching recruitment agency. Est. in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professional and recruitment specialist we have built our business on our core values of Honesty Integrity and Excellence.  "	"Lewisham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"up to £180 per day GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSD46D31ED/590131010"	"29/11/2018 15:38:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjNM"	NA
"KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher needed in Haringey"	"up to £180 per day GBP"	"Haringey, London"	"Contract"	"KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher needed in Haringey"	"Haringey, London - up to £180 per day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is currently seeking a KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher for a friendly primary school situated in Haringey, North East London. The position is to start in January 2019 and will be on a long-term supply basis initially.The KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher role:Teaching year 2 in a supportive KS1 phaseSATs year27 children in the class with TA supportLong-term supply contract with the possibility of a direct contract with the schoolDaily rate up to £180 per dayWhat you'll need to apply for the KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher role?Experience teaching KS1 or KS2 in the UKQTS - Achieved through a PGCE, Bachelor of Education, GTP or equivalentAn up-to-date DBS, ideally registered with the update serviceTwo teaching related references from last two employersInterviews for the KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher position will happen as and when successful applications are received so, please send your CV. "	"Haringey, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"up to £180 per day GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS288BEDB1/589183695"	"29/11/2018 11:38:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhpx"	NA
"KS1 teacher/Year 2 Teacher"	"GBP"	"Lewisham, London"	"Permanent"	"KS1 teacher/Year 2 Teacher"	"Lewisham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is currently seeking a KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher for a friendly primary school situated in Lewisham, south east London. The position is to start in January 2019 and will be on a long-term supply basis initially.The KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher role:Teaching year 2 in a supportive KS1 phaseSATs year27 children in the class with TA supportLong-term supply contract with the possibility of a direct contract with the schoolDaily rate up to £180 per dayWhat you'll need to apply for the KS1 teacher/Year 2 teacher role?Experience teaching KS1 or KS2 in the UKQTS - Achieved through a PGCE, Bachelor of Education, GTP or equivalentAn up-to-date DBS, ideally registered with the update serviceTwo teaching related references from last two employers REESON Education is London's premier teaching recruitment agency. Est. in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professional and recruitment specialist we have built our business on our core values of Honesty Integrity and Excellence.  "	"Lewisham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS4E5B0DB5/589183451"	"29/11/2018 09:38:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkgdx"	NA
"Y6 teacher for Leeds school (LS9)"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Y6 teacher for Leeds school (LS9)"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Year 6 Teacher looking for long term work starting in January in Leeds?Teaching Personnel are currently working with a three form entry school in the LS9 area of Leeds who are looking for a Year 6 Teacher to start in January for 1 - 2 terms.The multicultural school are looking for a:* Fully qualified Teacher who has previous teaching experience in Year 6.* SATs experience* SEN experience such as SEMH, ASC and ADHD Full time, term time* An enthusiastic, caring and resourceful individual* Committed to raising standards and attainment through high quality support* Be pro-active* Available from the beginning of JanuaryThe school will be interviewing for the role before Christmas so there is a quick turn around of interviews.The successful candidate must also have DBS on the update service, a valid passport and must also be able to provide Teaching Personnel with at least 2 references.Teaching Personnel work in partnership with a variety of leading, nationally recognised CPD providers, such as National Association of SEN, National Autistic Society, Ruth Miskin, Team Teach, Educare, Creative Education, and Leeds Trinity University.These partners deliver an extensive range of career developing opportunities to you, covering areas such as; Accredited Team Teach, Understanding and Supporting Children and Adults on the Autism Spectrum, An Introduction to Special Educational Needs and Disability and many more.If you are interested in the upcoming Year 6 position in Leeds please apply with an up to date CV.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided"	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSBF02B8B9/590195994"	"29/11/2018 07:37:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgLW"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for a male PE teacher to work within an Outstanding mixed school in central London. The successful PE teacher will be teaching across key stages 3 & 4 on a Full time basis. This is an initial 2 term position that will run until the end of the academic year in the first instance. The school is happy to receive applications from both NQT's and experienced teachers. To be considered for this opportunity please forward an updated CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an Outstanding mixed school which is culturally diverse and situated in central London. The school has a long-standing history of academic excellence (75% A*-C including English and maths) in addition to a near perfect Outstanding Ofsted report. The school has a brilliant ethos which promotes a fantastic environment to work within both in terms of staff members and students. This oversubscribed school is easily accessible by public transport and has state of the art facilities. The senior leadership team are approachable and supportive and behaviour at the school is good. The school encourages intellectual curiosity, entrepreneurial spirit and fosters a real sense of communal endeavor. The school has gained national recognition for its on-going drive to improve outcomes for students with an inspirational head teacher. This is a fantastic opportunity to work within one of the best schools within London Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London."	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSEBEDF85D/590130899"	"29/11/2018 15:40:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjOl"	NA
"ICT Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"ICT Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for an ICT teacher to teach within a high-achieving all-girls school on a part time basis (3 days a week) from January 2019. This is a part time post teaching ICT across key stages 3 & 4. The school has a longstanding history of academic excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to an Outstanding Ofsted report. This school has an extremely prestigious reputation and is an excellent place to work both in terms of students and staff members. To be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an outstanding all-girls school based in the heart of London. The school has an academic history of excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to state of the art facilities. This over-subscribed school has four applicants for ever space available and boasts a brilliant reputation within the local community. All in all this is an excellent school to work within both in terms of students and staff members.The School was judged to be 'outstanding' by OFSTED in March 2009 and November 2005. We are proud of our ethos of continual self-improvement, which characterises every aspect of our rich and culturally diverse school. In 2012 the school was named amongst the top 100 non-selective schools, in recognition of excellent attainment and progress of our students at KS4. In March 2008 the school was designated a High Performing Specialist School and our Training School initiative was launched in September 2008, building on our passion for excellent teaching and learning as well as our commitment to our language specialism and international ethos.Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.SalaryMPS/UPS"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS10BDD58B/589183552"	"29/11/2018 09:38:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgeM"	NA
"Science Teacher"	"£1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Haringey, London"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher"	"Haringey, London - £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"We would like to appoint a dynamic and inspirational qualified science teacher. We are looking for an effective and enthusiastic classroom teacher who will be able to complement our dedicated team of outstanding practitioners.Your opportunityWe will make a commitment to providing you with the highest quality CPD, both within the Academy and through the Harris Federation, to ensure that you are always at the forefront of teaching and learning innovation. We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly. What we are looking forWe look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning.The ideal candidate will have excellent subject knowledge and will be creative and passionate about sharing that knowledge with our students. Holding QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree, you will be committed to attaining the highest standards and expecting excellence from our young people. As the academy grows you will be part of a team that will deliver and lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes that will create an environment where every classroom offers outstanding provision for students.In selecting a science teacher to join our team we will be looking for an aspirational person, able to be a key player in developing an exceptional academy: someone with the ability to help build the commitment of all stakeholders to a culture of constant excellence.Harris BenefitsAs part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including:Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groupsSupport and mentoring from some of the best leaders in educationAn Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonusPension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefitsThe opportunity to work with our amazing students!About Harris Academy TottenhamHarris Academy Tottenham is a 3-18 academy with a Specialism in Mathematics and Enterprise, judged by Ofsted as 'Outstanding' in 2017. This will be an exciting opportunity to be part of an excellent team who will develop and provide outstanding teaching and learning and exceptional outcomes for students.Why work at Harris Academy Tottenham?The opportunity to work a new and exciting academy, judged 'Outstanding' by OfstedA calm, well-disciplined yet positive and innovative learning environmentExcellent prospects for future promotionA fantastic community of parents and children who deserve the bestHarris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Haringey, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS ACADEMY TOTTENHAM"	"HARRIS ACADEMY TOTTENHAM"	"JS3573_6817763/589862479"	"29/11/2018 09:40:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgfZ"	"Graduate"
"KS1 teacher - ASAP start - £140 per day"	"140.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 teacher - ASAP start - £140 per day"	"London - 140.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"A Lambeth based Primary School is seeking to appoint an experienced and motivated KS1 teacher who will be an enthusiastic and committed member of the school community. This Primary school is dedicated to motivation, inspiration and excellence. the school is a happy, thriving and successful school with a positive, caring and imaginative learning environment that gives our children the very best start in life. What the school offers: Exciting opportunities and developmentA forward thinking academic curriculum, with an emphasis on pupils developing natural talents and enquiring mindsChildren who are eager to learn, confident and enthusiasticStaff who are fully committed to making a differenceDedicated PPA time with CPD opportunitiesSuperb resources in excellent facilitiesThe successful candidate will be: An enthusiastic and consistently strong practitioner with a sound knowledge and understanding of primary educationAn innovative and effective classroom practitioner who is passionate about learning and teachingAn effective communicator with parents and colleagues Highly motivated and able to motivate othersAPPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"140.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36721119/590368998"	"01/12/2018 09:02:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxDg"	NA
"KS1 Teacher in Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"KS1 Teacher in Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit a Key Stage 1 Teacher. This is a Full time position starting in January for a full academic year at a Primary School located in the Birmingham area. Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references."	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSDEC36F67/588970877"	"29/11/2018 11:38:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhq5"	NA
"Design Technology Teacher (Graphic Design/Food Technology)"	"£23,720 - £39,406 "	"Stockport, Cheshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Design Technology Teacher (Graphic Design/Food Technology)"	"Stockport, Cheshire - £23,720 - £39,406 "	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher of Design Technology StockportContract type: Full-time, Temp to Perm Salary: MPS/UPS (£23,720 - £39,406)Knowledge and experience of teaching Graphic Design and/or Food Technology is desirable.We are currently seeking to appoint a Teacher of Design and Technology to join our partner school in Stockport. Our partner school is an Ofsted 'Outstanding' school located in Stockport with over 1200 pupils on roll. The successful Design Technology teacher will join our partner school in January 2019 and will be required until the end of the academic year. Whilst this is a temporary position in the first instance, there is potential for this to continue on to a permanent contract for the successful applicant.This position offers a unique opportunity to make a major contribution towards our continued high achievement. Our Design and Technology subject area delivers a vibrant and engaging curriculum at both Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4. This popular and valued subject achieves excellent examination results on a consistent basis across a range of subject areas and Key Stage 4 qualifications. Knowledge and experience of teaching Graphic Design and/or Food Technology is desirable for this post.We are seeking a well-qualified teacher who has:A dynamic, innovative and creative approach with excellent interpersonal skillsExcellent classroom practice and behaviour managementThe ability to inspire, challenge, motivate and empower young people to achieve excellenceCommitment to achieving the very highest of standards.Our partner schools motto is \"Educating for life.\" The school aims to put pupils at the heart of everything it does, and hopes to ensure that they are fully prepared - in terms of qualifications, skills, knowledge and confidence - for whatever their next step in life may be. The school operates a college system, designed to help pupils feel safe and secure.The school hopes that the system will help students to feel part of a small community within the wider school, while also allowing staff to personalise the support that they offer pupils. The school aims to remain a \"vibrant, learning-focused organisation\" with which all pupils, parents, carers, staff and governors feel genuinely proud to be associated. The school wishes to meet with suitable applicants ASAP therefore all Design Technology Teachers either Graphic Design and/or Food Technology experienced are encouraged to apply without hesitation. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Stockport, Cheshire, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"£23,720 - £39,406 "	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS497B7220/574190897"	"02/12/2018 15:42:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFOX"	NA
"KS1 teacher needed, Bath (BA1)"	"GBP"	"Bath, Somerset"	"Permanent"	"KS1 teacher needed, Bath (BA1)"	"Bath, Somerset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is working closely with a primary school based in the Bath area who are currently seeking a primary qualified teacher to teach within Key Stage 1. This role is to start ASAP until the end of the academic year.It is essential that you have previous Key Stage 1 experience, and are in particular looking for teachers who have high expectations in terms of behaviour and achievement. You will have solid knowledge of the curriculum, and have proven experience of supporting pupils within a classroom environment.The school are looking to play a full part in the wider school life and fully support their ethos, values and aims. You must be will to contribute to the evaluation and monitoring of the school curriculum and to have and share a good knowledge and understanding of how to use and adapt a range of teaching and learning strategies.If this sounds like the next step in your career please forward your CV to along with a short covering letter explaining why you would be the perfect fit for the role.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check."	"Bath, Somerset, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS17865474/591737268"	"02/12/2018 13:06:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyF"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Bromsgrove, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Bromsgrove, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Bromsgrove and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to or call . We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS370CE550/590483827"	"02/12/2018 13:06:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlExw"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Kidderminster, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Kidderminster, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Kidderminster and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to or call . We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Kidderminster, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSCE47DE01/590484064"	"02/12/2018 11:13:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEe2"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Malvern, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Malvern, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in the Malvern area and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to or call . We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Malvern, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS5811567D/590483724"	"02/12/2018 11:13:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEe1"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Evesham, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Evesham, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Evesham and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to or call . We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Evesham, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS23CD0130/590483854"	"02/12/2018 11:13:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEe0"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Redditch, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Redditch, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Redditch and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to or call . We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Redditch, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSFAEAFE90/590483943"	"02/12/2018 11:13:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEez"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Worcester, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Worcester, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Worcester and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to or call . We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Worcester, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS7105E75D/590483864"	"02/12/2018 11:13:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEey"	NA
"IT Teacher - Southampton"	"GBP"	"Southampton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"IT Teacher - Southampton"	"Southampton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are working exclusively with an Ofsted rated \"Good\" School based in Southampton. The school are looking to recruit a IT Teacher for September 2018 with the view to appoint the candidate from January 2019 that can upheld the outstanding expectations of the department and deliver quality education to KS3 and KS4What are the benefits of this school?8:15 - 15:00.School has 2 sites based in Southampton/EastleighLocal bus routes available every 10 minute.Outstanding school reputation.Outstanding learning opportunity to develop your career in Education.Responsibilities and DutiesYou must be able to confidently plan and deliver lessons to GCSE pupils.To be able to adapt your teaching skills to suit each pupils needs.You will be a good team player with good behaviour management skills.Be able and willing to take general cover lessons when needed.The candidate must respect the schools values and Ethos.Qualifications and SkillsCandidates must hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS,QTLS or NQT).The ideal candidate will have experience of teaching KS3 and KS4 IT/BusinessSafeguarding awareness qualification (completed by Teaching Personnel).Be able to have the ability to adapt to students needs.Desirable to be familiar with SIMs.BenefitsAttractive pay rates.Flexible work to suit your needs.Full and part time hours available.Dedicated Consultant (Katie) that has an in depth knowledge of the Secondary Schools and Colleges where you live and surrounding boroughs.Teaching Personnel is the market leader for education recruitment and we take pride on our stringent vetting procedures. If successful you will be invited to meet your personnel consultant and the team for an interview. We require all applicants to have enhanced DBS on the update service or in the process of apply for one.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Southampton, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS9F9F532F/588970950"	"28/11/2018 11:39:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXXI"	NA
"Science Teacher needed for January start in Leeds Secondary"	""	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher needed for January start in Leeds Secondary"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Here at Teaching Personnel we have a high number of opportunities for 'Good' or 'Outstanding' teachers who are looking for their next long-term role. If you have a passion for Science and want to inspire your students then the talented, enthusiastic and very supportive Science department at my client Secondary school in LEEDS are looking for you!  My Secondary School client in the Leeds area, are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and committed Teacher of Science to join their successful department. This post provides an excellent opportunity for an ambitious teacher who is passionate about Science and has the ability to demonstrate a positive and creative approach in the classroom. The post will provide the successful applicant with the opportunity to teach across the full age and ability range at KS3 and KS4.  This is an exciting prospect to be part of this thriving team, that supports students to achieve their potential up to GCSE. The team work very collaboratively and are always keen to develop their pedagogy and adopt new approaches. This role will be to start as soon as possible. Applications from experienced teachers and from newly qualified teachers are welcome. I am seeking Secondary Science   Teachers who: Have worked in UK secondary schools previouslyTaught 9-1 GCSE ScienceCan adapt to new situations quickly & have the ability to think on your feetHave an upbeat and positive attitude towards the education of young peopleHold QTS, a DBS certificate registered on the Update Service or be willing to get oneWe offer fantastic rates of pay, stable long term work on a part/full time basis across West Yorkshire. Please do not hesitate to get in touch if you would like more information. If this sounds like your next challenge, please call Brian on or forward me a copy of your most recent CV and I will be more than happy to assist. You can also speed up the registration process by going on to the Teaching Personnel website and starting the application. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSEE87ACEA/590130840"	"29/11/2018 15:38:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjNH"	NA
"MFL Teacher Hastings"	""	"Hastings, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"MFL Teacher Hastings"	"Hastings, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client Academy is an exciting school, which has just been rated Good by Ofsted in all areas, they are now looking to appoint an outstanding classroom practitioner who shows a real passion for the subject and can inspire students about their learning. This is an exciting opportunity for an NQT or experienced teacher. You will be joining a well-resourced department that has a relentless focus on raising achievement. The post offers outstanding opportunities for continuous personal and professional development for a highly motivated and ambitious teacher looking for career advancement. The person appointed would be managed on a day to day basis by the Head of MFL. At present the department teaches French and Spanish both at Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4. As well as their state of the art facilities, they have an exciting programme of trips, visits, visitors and extra-curricular activities. The Academy value positive working relationships and seek individuals who will support this ethos. The Academy are very excited about the future of Languages and are ready to invest in the right people to ensure its success. The successful candidate will have:Qualified Teacher StatusThe ability to teach Spanish up to KS3 and/or KS4The ability to teach French to KS3 and/or KS4Possess recent, relevant teaching experienceThe Academy can offer you:A vibrant and exciting place to workAn excellent CPD programme, with opportunities for action research and gaining nationally accredited qualifications Innovative plaza spaces with access to state of the art facilitiesThe support of a Trust that currently runs two secondary schools, a primary school and nursery for children aged 3 months to 4 yearsAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Hastings, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSEC25FE3D/589183665"	"28/11/2018 07:42:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVoS"	NA
"Primary Teacher Key Stage 2 Year Group Leader"	"60k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Primary Teacher Key Stage 2 Year Group Leader"	"London - 60k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Are you thinking about stepping up to Assistant Head level in the next year or so? Would you like to know that in a year this is a very real possibility? Could you see yourself working in a vibrant three form entry school in Newham? If you are answering 'Yes' to these questions then this could be the job for you!You will be working in an incredibly supportive primary school that is one of two primary schools in this very well respected trust. The schools are maintained by the local authority and as such you will be paid on the usual Newham scale and this will be a permanent contract right from the offset. This is a class based role and you can choose either Year 3 or Year 4 - you will be the lead for this year group in this three form entry school. The values of the school are all centered around ensuring that every member of the school community is respected and feels valued. There is a strong set of school values that are clearly within the schools mission statement. Being located close to a number of stations on both the overground and the underground means that the school is easily accessible to those on public transport. In addition to this, there is some on site parking available for staff.There is huge potential for advancement at this school and internal promotions are regular here, in fact, ambition is encouraged across the board. There absolutely will be Assistant Head positions available in this school in one years time. You do not need to do planning at this school, all of this is done for you, you will be expected to resource for your lessons and focus on delivery and outcomes.  In this school you will be given extra PPA time each week, as well 20 hours of CPD time each year that you can use for your own development in any way you wish. There is a huge piece of work going on at the moment around Wellbeing anf Workload. Staff meetings are reduced here and the school is very open in terms of feedback - your committment to school will be honoured!  The teaching team go out for socials every friday (not necessarily to the pub) and every half term there is a whole school breakfast put on by the leadership team. This is an excellent opportunity for a passionate teacher that really wants to grow and develop (no matter what their current level/position may be).  Results are good in this school with Writing being well above the national average. Reading and Maths are around the national average, and although GPS is slightly below, there have been interventions put in place since the last official results to improve this. If you are interested in this Primary Teaching role in Newham, then please apply today. TimePlan Education Group Limited is an Equal Opportunities Employer. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment. This post is exempt from the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act (1974) and is subject to a successful Enhanced Disclosure, Barring Service (DBS) check and two professional references. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60k Annual 00 GBP"	"Timeplan Education Group Ltd"	"Timeplan Education Group Ltd"	"JS3561_36479880/590127433"	"02/12/2018 09:08:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDyL"	NA
"SEN TEACHER ROLE!"	"£110 to £150 per day"	"Merton, London"	"Permanent"	"SEN TEACHER ROLE!"	"Merton, London - £110 to £150 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Have you got experience working in a SEN teaching role or are looking for a rewarding job within a local School?Are you available to work Full time in Merton? If yes, Teaching Personnel could have the perfect job role for you! Special education teachers work with students who have a wide range of learning, mental, emotional, and physical disabilities. They adapt general education lessons and teach various subjects, such as reading, writing, and math, to students with mild and moderate disabilities. They also teach basic skills, such as literacy and communication techniques, to students with severe disabilities.DutiesSpecial education teachers typically do the following:Assess student's skills to determine their needs and to develop teaching plansAdapt lessons to meet the needs of studentsDevelop Individualised Education Programs (IEPs) for each studentPlan, organise, and assign activities that are specific to each student's abilitiesTeach and mentor students as a class, in small groups, and one-on-oneImplement IEPs, assess student's performance, and track their progressUpdate IEPs throughout the school year to reflect student's progress and goalsDiscuss student's progress with parents, teachers, counsellors, and administratorsSupervise and mentor teacher assistants who work with students with disabilitiesPrepare and help students transition from grade to grade and after graduationSpecial education teachers work as part of a team that typically includes general education teachers, counsellors, school superintendents, and parents. As a team, they develop individualised educational programs (IEPs) specific to each student's needs. IEPs outline goals and services for each student, such as sessions with the school psychologists, counsellors, and special education teachers. Teachers also meet with parents, school administrators, and counsellors to discuss updates and changes to the IEPs.Minimum Requirements- Previous experience working in a similar School setting, or evidence of strong Behaviour Management- A passion and enthusiasm to see pupils achieve- Dedication to the needs of all your pupils, working with other staff members to offer emotional and academic support A Child Only DBS on the Update Service, or one done through Teaching PersonnelBenefits of working with Teaching Personnel- You will be rewarded for your efforts with competitive and fair rates of pay, from £110 to £150 per day- Online timesheet approval for Schools, meaning no paper timesheets!- SMS and E-Mail booking confirmations- Access to our exclusive CPD Academy, with courses such as Child Psychology and Autism Awareness available online- Recommend a Friend bonus scheme with £50 for every successful application*- A dedicated Consultant who will seek out your ideal job roleAll applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & MA.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"Merton, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£110 to £150 per day"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS4F231CB0/589782533"	"29/11/2018 11:36:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhms"	NA
"Year 2 Teacher - Kensington - January 2019"	"£130-£195 per day"	"Kensington"	"Permanent"	"Year 2 Teacher - Kensington - January 2019"	"Kensington - £130-£195 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary Teacher -Year 2 Teacher - 1 form entry 'Good'Primary SchoolKey Stage 1 Teacher Kensington  January 2019 Are you searching for the next step in your teaching career?Would you like to work in a small, supportive setting with a community-feel?A one form entry Primary school located in Kensington in the heart of London are searching for a Year 2 Class Teacher to join them next year on a full-time, long-term contract. This position begins in January 2019 and they are offering a permanent contract. Ideally the school would like to find a candidate with teaching experience in the UK. This school is extremely supportive and has a calm but warm and welcoming feel.The school is nearby to Sloane Square station.Year 2 TeacherKey Stage 1Central London - Sloane Square, KensingtonFull-time, long-term contract/permanent for right candidateDaily Rate: £130-£195 per day/Permanent MPS/UPSJanuary 20191 form entry Good OFSTEDThe Primary school hopes to find a dedicated and talented Year 2 teacher who has an innovative, forward thinking teaching style. You will be expected to inspire the children alongside managing their behaviour in and out of the classroom. As a Class Teacher at this Primary School your role will be to deliver engaging lessons to instil a love of learning in the children. This school is very inclusive and focuses on ensuring that all children have an equal access to learning.This is a wonderful primary school who are extremely excited to welcome a new classroom teacher to their team in January."	"Kensington, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£130-£195 per day"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSDAE14100/589782728"	"29/11/2018 11:35:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhli"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media Studies Teacher - EnfieldEngage Education are recruiting for an enthusiastic, dynamic Media Studies teacher to take up a role in Enfield. This particular secondary school is seeking to secure a Media Studies teacher to join their successful team. This role will start as long-term with the opportunity to go permanent.With a warm and welcoming atmosphere, teachers thrive in the school. All staff joining the school are enrolled in the schools induction program with support tailored to meet individual needs. Staff are given opportunities to develop professionally and where vacancies arise, promote internally based on performance.As an Ofsted rated 'Good' school with a good reputation in the local community, the successful applicants will be joining a hard-working and supportive team.SLT at the school believes that teachers provide students with the tools to fulfil and extend their potential. As such, the school has excellent values which are at the heart of everything they do. The principal is looking to appoint an inspiring and dynamic Media Teacher with high standards.Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We:Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication ProcessDo you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly onAll applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification.If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job in education.Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Engage Education"	"Engage Education"	"JSAD73853A/586922294"	"02/12/2018 15:44:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFPq"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"JOB DESCRIPTIONMedia Studies Teacher required for an exceptional school in West London they are looking for a Media teacher to join them in January and to teach across Key Stages 4 and 5. The school has excellent English/Media Faculty and the school is looking for a teacher on a full time basis. This is a great opportunity to work in an outstanding school. The school is keen to meet teachers ASAP, ideally in the next few weeks.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is based in a lovely area in West London and the school was rated as \"Outstanding\" by OFSTED in its last inspection. The school was newly opened in 2006 and has superb facilities in all departments. The school has a very good level of behaviour and the academic standards are very high, and this is reflected in their exam results. They believe students should take responsibility for their learning and their actions. The pupils are encouraged to be challenged in lessons and to understand that learning is not always about getting the right answer.-\"Outstanding\" OFSTED report.-81% + at GCSE level 5 GCSE or more-Fantastic facilities-Established Media Department-Friendly staff and good working environmentREQUIREMENTSApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Media Studies teachers and overseas trained Media Studies teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Gavin at Reeson Education ASAP. "	"London, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS69E94E31/574190883"	"02/12/2018 13:15:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE76"	NA
"Music Specialist/Teacher - North London"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Music Specialist/Teacher - North London"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary School Teacher - Music Teacher - Islington - North LondonAre you the dedicated, personable and progressive Music Specialist the school are looking for?Music Specialist - Music TeacherIslington - London based Primary School - working across two schools.Long - Term Supply or Fixed term contract and potential for permanentMain Pay ScaleUnqualified teachers with Music Specialism welcome to applyStart Date: January 2019The Role: - MUSIC TEACHER/SPECIALISTThe executive Headteacher and staff of these two fantastic central London primary schools would like to welcome a hardworking dedicated music specialist to teach Music across both schools starting this January. Both of these schools are federated, working closely together, they present a wonderful community based ethos and tangible atmosphere of learning.The role calls for a Music teacher/or specialist, whilst you do not need to be a qualified teacher you will need to have proven experience providing music tuition in schools. You will have a full music based timetable drawn across two schools. The school are keen to take somebody on that will provide engaging well planned lessons with a real passion for the subject and a commitment to the students.The schools provide a wide curriculum offer that encourages children to flourish not only academically but also socially and creatively. The pupils at these Primary Schools achieve well, make excellent progress, and show caring attitudes. Because of its great local transport links and excellent facilities the schools have become very popular within the borough of Islington, North London.The successful candidate will be joining a dedicated team of teachers and will be teaming up with a really strong planning partner. Interviews will be held immediately. Please send over your CV to apply or alternatively call Angelo at Academics on for more information.  "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS63B1255C/592626256"	"02/12/2018 11:12:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeh"	NA
"Lead Science Teacher - Solihull - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Solihull, West Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Lead Science Teacher - Solihull - January 2019"	"Solihull, West Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Lead Science Teacher - Solihull - January 2019We are looking for an experienced Lead Science teacher who will receive all of the support and commitment that can be offered from a large faculty in a successful 11-18 mixed high school located in the desirable outer suburbs of Solihull. * Lead Science Teacher* Solihull* Permanent contract - January 2019* 'Good' school with outstanding resultsAre you a motivated and ambitious Science teacher looking for a new challenge in a student focussed school? Or are you an exceptional NQT seeking an opportunity to work in a fantastic school? How does working in a school graded 'good' by OFSTED sound? This is an exciting opportunity for an outstanding Science teacher to join and contribute to the success of a committed and enthusiastic Science faculty. This role is designed to focus specifically on our most able students and those who are disadvantaged.The teachers in this school are supported by effective leadership who show determination and vision to maintain the 'consistently good progress' made by students in the school. The school is proud of its consistently outstanding examination results and extensive range of opportunities available for the students.If this sounds like the job for you, don't miss out! Apply now if you think you have what it takes to make a difference! by contacting on or email  "	"Solihull, West Midlands, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS2E74CCAA/590808341"	"02/12/2018 11:12:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEd6"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Studies Teacher for a January start!An Academy School close to Emsworth are looking for a Teacher to join their Business Studies department in the new year. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a successful Multi-Academy Trust with great collaboration across its schools. The Business Studies department is an inventive and fun subject area that continuously creates projects within its curriculum to inspire the students and give them real life experiences. This is an opportunity not to be missed!Innovative business studies ideas should be expressed to the department in order to continue providing outstanding and unique experiences to the pupils. It is essential that you be willing to demonstrate and offer innovative ideas as this school really is looking to inspire its students to be business minded in their futures outside of educationYou will have UK QTS or equivalent and be eligible to teach in the UK. Experience is desirable although NQTs are welcome to apply with excellent subject knowledge.Full time is desirable although part time positions will be considered for the right applicant.To find out more about this role or other similar roles, please upload your CV via the \"Apply\" button, or call Kate for more information on All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS153B7903/592626638"	"02/12/2018 11:05:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZY"	NA
"EYFS Lead Teacher - Salisbury"	"GBP"	"Salisbury, Wiltshire"	"Permanent"	"EYFS Lead Teacher - Salisbury"	"Salisbury, Wiltshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description EYFS Lead Teacher for local school in SalisburyInspiring Early Years Practitioner with a good knowledge of the EYFS curriculum is required to start immediately.Are you organised, patient and hardworking with a \"can do\" attitude? Then you are exactly what we are looking for to join a school in Salisbury.Our partnership school focuses on developing the whole-child and encouraging children to aspire to be the best they can be. In EYFS, they focus on developing the children's personal, social and emotional growth and encouraging learning through arts and communication.Your role as an Early Years Lead Teacher will include:Plan and provide effective care, teaching and learning that enables children to progress.Deliver rich learning opportunities and exceptional care that helps young children to develop.Encourage a strong teamwork ethic within your team and support your team.Make accurate and effective use of assessment reflecting the needs, interests and stages of development of the individual children.Safeguard and promote the health, safety and welfare of all children.Work in partnership with colleagues, parents and/or carers or other professionals to meet the individual needs of the children - meeting regularly to discuss progress of childrenFor this position you will need:QTS or Level 3 qualified Early Years EducatorChild workforce DBS on the update serviceTwo references from your two most recent work establishmentsRight to work in the UKAll pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"Salisbury, Wiltshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSA0F9BE82/590130973"	"29/11/2018 15:38:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjNK"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher - Newham"	"GBP"	"Newham, London"	"Permanent"	"Food Technology Teacher - Newham"	"Newham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Food Technology Teacher - Secondary school in Newham*Are you an experienced Food Technology Teacher?*Are you seeking a Full time role from January?*Do you hold QTS?Engage Education are working with an exciting school in Newham who are seeking a Food Technology Teacher to start a long-term position in January 2018.We are working with the school to recruit a teacher who will be able to commit to the position for the academic year. This school requires a teacher who is able to teach engaging and dynamic Food Technology lessons across both KS3 and KS4.The school is easily accessible by public transport and aims to provide the highest quality of education whereby everyone is encouraged to strive for excellence in all that he or she does. The students consistently attain high standards and their behaviour in lessons and around the school is good.You will:Have QTS with a Food Technology specialismHave experience teaching Food up to KS4 in a UK secondary schoolHave a proven background in raising pupil progressA real desire to make a positive difference to the students that you work withNewly Qualified Teachers are also encouraged to apply.Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We:Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication ProcessDo you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please applyAll applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification.If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education.Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Newham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Engage Education"	"Engage Education"	"JS157DA116/588971091"	"29/11/2018 11:39:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkhr4"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Wandsworth, London"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Wandsworth, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Studies Teacher Reeson Education is looking for a Business Studies teacher to work at one of our client schools in South West London. This is a full-time, long-term position to in January. The school is looking for someone who can offer Business Studies across Key stages 3 & 4 & 5 - and are looking to interview for this ASAP.Company InfoREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.School InformationThis is a very good co-educational school which prides itself on providing a diverse learning environment for its pupils. The school has high standards of pupil behaviour and students achieve well academically. The school was rated as 'Outstanding' in its most recent Ofsted report and has fantastic, modern facilities which have benefitted all areas of the curriculum.62% 5 + A*- C at GCSE (inc. Maths & English)Supportive Department'Outstanding' Ofsted reportRequired Skills and expertiseAbility to teach Business Studies to Key Stage 5Strong classroom presenceQTS or equivalentSalaryThe salary will be dependent on experience, in line with the main pay scale and upper pay scale. "	"Wandsworth, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS4E671E99/589452583"	"29/11/2018 07:41:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgOT"	NA
"Primary Supply Teacher (York)"	"GBP"	"York"	"Permanent"	"Primary Supply Teacher (York)"	"York - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary School Supply TeacherAre you an experienced primary school teacher fed up with all the paperwork that teaching brings?Are you looking to have a better work/life balance?Would you like to build a wider knowledge of the primary schools in North Yorkshire?Or perhaps you are a newly qualified teacher looking to build your first years experience teaching in a number of primary schools and building knowledge of the UK curriculum?Whether you are an NQT or an experienced primary school teacher, Academics have the solution for you. Academics are on the hunt for reliable, motivated and flexible primary school teachers that are looking to work on a daily/short term basis within primary schools in York!Position: Primary School Supply TeacherStart Date: JanuaryRoles: Day to Day supply, short term and long term supply bookings availableLocation: York and surrounding areasSalary: £110 - £140 per dayAcademics are looking for strong primary school supply teachers who are seeking flexibility in the new academic year. We would love to her from primary teachers who are interested in joining us as supply teachers whether that is working on a day to day, short term or long term basis.Supply teaching would suit both newly qualified and experienced teachers as you will be able to choose the hours and days that you work.Academics offer:- A dedicated consultant who has great relationships with the schools- Great daily rates- Excellent in house CPD opportunities- Access to permanent teaching positions for September 2019- Local schools- Good and Outstanding schoolsPrimary School Supply Teacher Requirements:- QTS- 1 Year UK teaching experience- Knowledge of EYFS, KS1 & KS2 (can be through teacher training placements)- Flexible and motivated primary teachers who are passionate about education- Strong classroom management skills- Flexible & adaptable approach to work- Positive outlook- Innovative & resourceful teaching methodsWhy Supply Teaching?- Excellent work life balance- Flexibility to work as and when you want- Builds classroom experience- Provides permanent opportunities- Variety of schools and children- Great Professional DevelopmentShould Supply work be ticking the boxes for you then please get in contact with Isabelle today on/.co.uk or apply to this vacancy now! "	"York, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS1BA4E5AC/592626159"	"02/12/2018 11:09:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEcA"	NA
"Secondary Supply Teacher (York)"	"GBP"	"York"	"Permanent"	"Secondary Supply Teacher (York)"	"York - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Secondary School Supply TeacherAre you an experienced primary school teacher fed up with all the paperwork that teaching brings?Are you looking to have a better work/life balance?Would you like to build a wider knowledge of the secondary schools in York and surrounding areas?Or perhaps you are a newly qualified teacher looking to build your first years experience teaching in a number of secondary schools and building knowledge of the UK curriculum?Whether you are an NQT or an experienced primary school teacher, Academics have the solution for you. Academics are on the hunt for reliable, motivated and flexible primary school teachers that are looking to work on a daily/short term basis within primary schools in York!Position: Secondary School Supply TeacherStart Date: JanuaryRoles: Day to Day supply, short term and long term supply bookings availableLocation: YorkSalary: £120 - £160 per dayAcademics are looking for strong primary school supply teachers who are seeking flexibility in the new academic year. We would love to her from primary teachers who are interested in joining us as supply teachers whether that is working on a day to day, short term or long term basis.Supply teaching would suit both newly qualified and experienced teachers as you will be able to choose the hours and days that you work.Academics offer:- A dedicated consultant who has great relationships with the schools- Great daily rates- Excellent in house CPD opportunities- Access to permanent teaching positions for September 2019- Local schools- Good and Outstanding schoolsPrimary School Supply Teacher Requirements:- QTS- 1 Year UK teaching experience- Knowledge of KS3 & KS4 (can be through teacher training placements)- Flexible and motivated primary teachers who are passionate about education- Strong classroom management skills- Flexible & adaptable approach to work- Positive outlook- Innovative & resourceful teaching methodsWhy Supply Teaching?- Excellent work life balance- Flexibility to work as and when you want- Builds classroom experience- Provides permanent opportunities- Variety of schools and children- Great Professional DevelopmentShould Supply work be ticking the boxes for you then please get in contact with Isabelle today on/.co.uk or apply to this vacancy now! "	"York, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBC3978DE/592626233"	"02/12/2018 11:09:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEb9"	NA
"Design Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Design Technology Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Qualified Teacher looking for a Design Technology role? A School in the Emsworth area are looking to appoint a teacher to start ASAP in their Design Technology department. The school is situated within Hampshire and boasts large grounds with excellent facilities across all departments. The school are looking to expand their growing department and are searching for enthusiastic teachers wishing to maker a lasting impression on their school. The role would involve KS3 and elements of KS4 with the head of department looking to grow this subject in popularity with the students at GCSE level. You will deliver creative lessons to capture and inspire the students and motivate them to explore the department the further they move up the school. To apply for this role you must;-Hold UK QTS or equivalent-Be a keen educator, enthusiastic about your subject-Be committed to the development of the schools department-Be an excellent role model for all at the school-Have outstanding subject knowledgeIf this role sounds right for you, please upload you CV by clicking \"Apply\", or call Kate on All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS025E49CD/592626430"	"02/12/2018 11:12:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeV"	NA
"Food technology Teacher - Immediate start"	"140.00 - 190.00 per day GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Food technology Teacher - Immediate start"	"London - 140.00 - 190.00 per day GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"A new vacancy for a suitably qualified Food Technology Teacher has come about within a West London school? We are seeking a talented teacher of Food Technology with sound curriculum knowledge? *Food Technology Teacher required*Great department- Immediate start*Easy access from tube & over ground stations (zone 2) border*Immediate interviewA qualified Food Technology is required for a friendly school in West London for an immediate start. We are seeking a high calibre teacher of Food technology to teach across KS3 & 4. Applicants should be enthusiastic, creative and possess excellent teaching skills to teach in a school with a comprehensive intake. The school has been graded as Outstanding across the board, which is reinforced by the schools impressive results. The school continues to get better and better, with the level of teaching proving to be effective with pupils' achievements and attainment improving and remaining consistent. With such high expectations, the head teacher is looking to appoint a professional, hard working practitioner with high expectations and consistent track record of 'outstanding' teaching.This is a fantastic school to become a part of, and offers various opportunities to progress and develop professionally under the guidance of a fantastic SLT, alongside fantastic colleagues and teaching enthusiastic and respectful students. This position is available Full time but part time candidates will be considered. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"140.00 - 190.00 per day GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36478627/590128822"	"29/11/2018 09:03:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgUq"	NA
"Design & Technology Teacher Woodwork"	"GBP"	"Northampton, Northamptonshire"	"Permanent"	"Design & Technology Teacher Woodwork"	"Northampton, Northamptonshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description JOB TITLE: Design and Technology Teacher WoodworkLOCATION: Northampton, NorthamptonshireSALARY: £22,692 - £38,633START DATE: ASAPTHE ROLE DESCRIPTION A friendly, high achieving school based in the heart of Northampton require a Design and Technology Teacher to join ASAP on a full time, ongoing basis. The successful candidate will be required to teach Design and Technology up to GCSE and possess a solid experience of delivering the DT National Curriculum. The emphasis is on Woodwork and resistant materials for this role so you need to be proficient to teach both.THE SCHOOL The school offers a superb location within a rural catchment area which attracts students from surrounding areas, including two towns and villages. The school inputs a lot of effort on building positive outcomes for the students and to encourage students to develop both academic and personal skills to be the best they can be. Due to the outstanding teaching, students learn very well and make rapid progress during their time in school. If you are interested in this Design and Technology Teacher role please send your CV to or phone .ABOUT US: Mana Education is a specialist recruitment company working within Education. We are established to service and support the recruitment requirements of all schools and teaching staff alike. The benefits of working through Mana Education are: * Excellent rates of pay * Paid weekly * Local schools * Warm and friendly service * Tailored job finding service - we listen to your needs * Your own dedicated education specialist on hand 24/7 * Local knowledge * Access to free CPD * £100 Recommend a Friend Scheme We work with a variety of Schools ranging from Independent Schools, through to mainstream schools and Academies.Opportunities we can offer include day to day, long term and permanent positions, full and part-time.Mana Education is a member of the REC (Recruitment Employment Federation) ensuring that candidates (and clients) needs are professional met at all times. Mana Education is committed to enforcing the AWR (Agency Workers Regulations) to ensure our Teachers are paid correctly. Mana Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable people. All assignments are subject to our strict vetting process which includes the Enhanced DBS Check, List 99 checks, Overseas Police Check (if required) and Professional References. If you are interested in this Design and Technology Teacher role please send your CV to or phone ."	"Northampton, Northamptonshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Mana Resourcing Ltd"	"Mana Resourcing Ltd"	"JS2BD9BCD7/578777252"	"03/12/2018 18:39:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSt2"	NA
"Business Studies teacher - Reading - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies teacher - Reading - January 2019"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a self motivated Business Studies Teacher with the ability to deliver topical and challenging lessons that engage and inspire very able pupils?Business Studies teacher required from January 2019 for a secondary school located in Berkshire. The school is looking for a teacher who can teach Business Studies to a high level.Business Studies Teaching Jobs* Reading (Berkshire)* Maternity Cover - January 2019 start* Fantastic Facilities* NQT's consideredThis is a very popular and successful School requiring a talented Business Studies Teacher.Senior management in the school have been in place for many years, they have clear and concise policies within the school including a simple and effective behaviour policy which ensures teachers are not undermined in their daily task. There is a dynamic and proactive approach as well as commitment to helping all students.The success of the school along with the fantastic support of the leadership team is reflected by the 'Good' judgement awarded by Ofsted. An amazing opportunity for a teacher who wishes to progress their career and work in a highly prominent area. The teachers are supported well by the management and have excellent facilities to enable the highest quality of teaching and learning. You will be joining an environment which is supportive of development.Applications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and experienced Business Studies Teachers will be considered for this position.An excellent opportunity not to be missed, so apply today for immediate interview.Please email your CV to or call Klaudia on . "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS00409A06/592626386"	"02/12/2018 11:03:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEXq"	NA
"KS1 Primary Teacher - North London"	"GBP"	"Haringey, London"	"Permanent"	"KS1 Primary Teacher - North London"	"Haringey, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description This fantastic school is seeking to appoint a Year 1 Teacher from January 2019. In the heart of the culturally diverse borough of Haringey, this primary school is seeking an experienced and dynamic teacher to join their successful Team from January on a full time basis.This School aims to inspire and challenge pupils to instil a life-long love of learning through an innovative and creative curriculum. They pride themselves on their teachers providing the pupils with a broad and creative curriculum.The school is larger than your average primary school and is three form entry. The successful Year 1 Teacher will be an integral member of the KS1 team during a period of raising standards and be a pivotal member of the school staff team.Essential Requirements:- Prior KS1 experience is highly desirable- Be a good-outstanding practitioner with a relevant teaching degree- Phonics screening experience- Ability to use your passion and commitment to motivate the pupilsIn return the school can offer:- A friendly and hardworking school- The support of an established KS1 team- Children who are well behaved, happy and eager to learn- A commitment to high quality professional development- A supportive and encouraging senior leadership teamNext Steps:The school are looking to interview a Year 1 teacher for this role ASAP and so are accepting applications from now onwards with the view to interview in the coming weeks. If you feel that you are a strong Year 1 teacher ready for the next step in your career or looking for a new challenge in successful school, then please send your CV."	"Haringey, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS6D332039/589183680"	"29/11/2018 11:43:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhzB"	NA
"Business studies Teacher- Immediate or January start"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Business studies Teacher- Immediate or January start"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Business studies Teaching job in London.We are looking to appoint a Teacher of Business studies for a highly organised school in North London.This mixed secondary school located with easy transport links. They are looking to appoint an experienced or outstanding Newly Qualified Business studies teacher.* Teacher of Business studies * Outstanding Department* Immediate interview and startIf you're interested in working for this school you will need to be; * A passionate teacher of Business Studies, with a track record of achieving outstanding results, * Have a passionate belief in the school's mission statement* Be highly organised, ICT literate and have excellent communication and motivational skills to engage young people and be prepared to deliver after school intervention exam preparation and enrichment programmes and contribute to wider school activities.The school also offers an excellent induction programme within a friendly and supportive environment, and they are committed to high quality professional development and continuous improvement in teaching and learning, if you're an exceptional Business studies teacher then this opportunity is not to be missed!  "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSF470E93F/589782616"	"29/11/2018 11:10:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhLZ"	NA
"Year 4 Class Teacher - Central London"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 4 Class Teacher - Central London"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary Classroom Teacher - Islington - London* Year 4 Primary School Teacher* January start 2019* Classroom Teacher role suitable for an experienced teacher looking for a new opportunity this January.* Fixed term - Permanent Contract - Paid to Inner London Scale.We are looking for a passionate, dedicated year 4 primary teacher to join this well-established North London School in Islington. The school has a wonderful reputation for high standards of education and care with strong resources behind a committed team of exceptional practitioners.A small but inclusive one-form entry primary, the school has a vibrant community atmosphere at its core. Guided by a stable senior leadership team, an ethos of nurture and support is at the heart of the schools methodology both with its approach to teaching and its staff. The successful teacher joining this team can expect a warm welcome to a supporting environment.Based in a central part of Islington, London, there are excellent transport links and two London underground stations are within a short walking distance making the morning commute a simple one for those travelling from neighbouring London boroughs.School staff can look forward to wide range of benefits, including:First-rate training and development.Dedicated coaching and mentoring.Tailored progression programme.High quality Resources.Excellent, modern building and facilities.Well-established senior leadership and management focused on supporting staff and maintaining a low turnover.The successful applicant will be an enthusiastic, creative and innovative teacher with experience teaching in either Key Stage 2. Drawing on your experience, you will be required to raise attainment, engage pupils and encourage them to achieve their full potential, both academically and socially. The school are looking for somebody with a proven ability of planning engaging well prepared lessons. Visits to the school ahead of the interview process are welcome. Applications for this classroom teacher post will be considered through to December 17th, to apply please submit your CV below or send directly to . For more information call Angelo on . "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS45116B75/592626327"	"02/12/2018 13:06:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEx2"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Hillingdon, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Hillingdon, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Academics are working with an outstanding school based in Hillingdon who are looking for a passionate, enthusiastic teacher of Religious Education. If you truly love your subject and believe you can make a difference in RE we would love to hear from you. The Department provides its members with a supportive and forward-thinking environment. The successful candidate will work towards developing and innovative, dynamic and high achieving setting. As a RE teacher you will be establishing a close working relationship with the Head of department who will act as your mentor. The Humanities department has an outstanding reputation with the school and offers a highly skilled SLT. If you are a talented RE Teacher looking to kick-start an exciting new career move please apply here or contact us directly on or via email:  APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS:You must have the legal right to work in the UKYou must hold QTS or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationThis position is subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checksFor more information on this role or for other teaching opportunities in North West London please get in touch with Academics! "	"Hillingdon, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS0C8360F1/592626610"	"02/12/2018 11:11:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdZ"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher - January 2019 or sooner"	"110.00 - 190.00 Annual GBP"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher - January 2019 or sooner"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire - 110.00 - 190.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education Reading are currently working closely with a \"good\" School in West Berkshire to recruit for a Business Studies Teacher to join in January 2019 or sooner if possible.The position in January will be full time for a long term placement with salary paid to scale, on daily rate, paid weekly.The ideal candidate would hold QTS with relevant experience teaching Business Studies to GCSE and A-Level with evidence of success in raising attainment, the role has the addition of some Travel and Tourism lessons on the timetable.Newly Qualified and experienced teachers of Business Studies are warmly welcomed as the position is suitable for an NQT, QTS or experienced unqualified teacher of Business Studies.Their success as a school is built upon a strong foundation of high standards, coupled with a relentless focus on improving the quality of learning, teaching and engagement, to ensure that all students are given every chance of developing the knowledge, skills and attributes to prepare them for their future.They pride themselves on the positive attitudes that students demonstrate daily, the passion that they show for their learning and the respect that they have for others. The network created through their collaboration with parents/carers, primary schools and other partners supports the work of their house system and simply reinforces their belief that 'it takes a village to raise a child'.A culture of praise is something they have created at the school and therefore they invest extensive time in recognising the achievements of every young person. Their strong academic and pastoral systems allow for class teachers and tutors alike to praise young people, whether it be a simple well done, a postcard of congratulations or a phone call home. Annually, formal events are held in the form of Presentation Evening and Key Stage Award Evenings, with all winners invited being captured on the roll of honour boards in their Da Vinci space and included on their 'Celebrate' page of the website.Here are some quotes from the schools most recent Ofsted: \"The leadership team has maintained the good quality of education in the school since the last inspection. You provide strong and determined leadership aimed at ensuring a high-quality education for all pupils, regardless of their ability or circumstances.\"\"Pupils behave well at the school. They are kind and respectful towards each other and their teachers. Pupils wear their uniform with pride and they take good care of their school environment.\"\"Leaders monitor the quality of teaching closely and the effect it has on the progress of pupils. As a result, leaders know the many strengths of the school, including the strong progress made by pupils in English, the humanities subjects and modern foreign languages.\"\"There is a strong culture of vigilance and support to ensure that pupils are kept safe. Staff are knowledgeable about safeguarding procedures and practices because they receive regular training and updates.\" This is an excellent opportunity for any Business Studies Teacher looking to make their mark and truly impact the schools progress inside and outside the classroom.Please apply ASAP not to miss this opportunity or simply call Reed Education Reading to discuss further. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 190.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36733987/591560684"	"01/12/2018 09:03:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxFc"	NA
"Health & Social Care Teacher- Inner North London"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Health & Social Care Teacher- Inner North London"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Health & Social Care Teacher**Great Secondary School** January 2019 start**Long-term/Full-time** £110-£220 per day** Hold a UK recognised Teaching Qualification (PGCE, PGDE, GTP or SCITT with QTS)*Exceptional Secondary School in inner North London is looking for a KS4 and KS5 Health & Social Care Teacher to commence employment in January 2019 on a permanent and Full time basis. The school prides itself on supporting their students' individuality through their academic work.In addition, the Headteacher at the school ensures that a dynamic and diverse atmosphere that matches that of the community the school is based in.The role The Teacher of Health & Social Care will prepare and teach KS4 and KS5 students on a Full time basis on a long-term contract. In addition, the ideal Teacher will prepare students for their summer examinations by providing revision sessions and strategies to help them reviseRequirements for the role The ideal Teacher of Health & Social Care will:Hold a UK recognised teaching qualificationHave sound knowledge of the most recent Health & Social Care UK curriculumBe able to start in January 2019Have obtained a 'Good' to 'Outstanding teaching recordIf this Teacher of Health & Social Care/Health & Social Care Teacher role appeals to you, then please apply ASAP as interviews are taking place shortly.  "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS96195CCD/578777305"	"03/12/2018 18:44:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlSvg"	NA
"Geography NQT/Teacher of Geography"	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses GBP"	"Brent, London"	"Permanent"	"Geography NQT/Teacher of Geography"	"Brent, London - Inner London Salary + Bonuses GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Geography NQT - September 2019 - Brent  The NQT Partnership are working alongside an outstanding mixed secondary academy in the London Borough of Brent who are looking to appoint a Teacher of Geography (NQT) for September 2019 on a permanent basis. An Outstanding Academy Geography NQT/Teacher of Geography M1 Inner London Salary + Bonuses Innovative and Creative Teaching Environment Excellent A Level & GCSE Results for 2018 Excellent CPD & Support on offer For this post, we are looking for a hardworking and self-motivated Geography NQT for September 2019. You will be joining the school's successful Humanities Department and you will be contributing to an innovative teaching approach. The department holds excellent exam results and they are keen to find an exceptional Geography NQT that will uphold their reputation. As a Geography NQT you will be expected to teach up to KS4 and if confident enough there will be opportunities for you to teach A Level. The school is found in Brent, North West London and is a highly diverse Inner City Secondary Academy. With an Outstanding grade by OFSTED, the school has an excellent reputation for delivering high quality results. As a large secondary school and wider group of academies you will receive the very best support and guidance to ensure that you make the best opportunities for growth and development in your career. If you are a Geography NQT seeking your first teaching position for September 2019, then please get in touch with The NQT Partnership today. NB: Interviews will be as and when applications are received "	"Brent, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6816062/589241380"	"02/12/2018 11:11:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdM"	NA
"Computer Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"Computer Science Teacher"	"Ealing, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description TLTP are currently working with an 'Outstanding' Secondary school with a Sixth form based in Ealing that are recruiting for a Computer Science Teacher to join them in January for a Maternity cover. Initially they would be looking for the successful Computer Science Teacher to stay until July however as this is a maternity cover you may be required to stay a longer period of time. As the new Computer Science Teacher your duties will include but will not be limited to the following; You will need to have an in-depth knowledge of the UK national curriculum and be comfortable at delivering lessons to all key stages As the new Computer Science teacher you will be communicating on a regular basis with parents and carers on their child's progress within your classes You must keep an up to date report on all students progression throughout the academic yearYou will be required to use a wide variety of learning resources to help you provide the best lessons possible to all your classes You will be required to undertake appropriate CPD training in line with school and departmental prioritiesThe successful Computer Science Teacher will have the following Qualifications/Experience ;You must have a Computer Science related degree with a relevant teaching qualification ie. PGCE, QTSYou will need to have strong behaviour management You must have a clear understanding of the UK national curriculum You will need a recent Enhanced DBS check which is registered to the Update Service If you are currently looking for a new role and feel this role would be a good fit for you please apply with an up to date CV.Do not forget TLTP's Refer and Earn scheme. For every person you recommend that we place and meet our terms and conditions you will receive a referral bonus of £130 (subject to statutory deductions). "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"London Teaching Pool Ltd"	"London Teaching Pool Ltd"	"JS36B642CD/591737304"	"01/12/2018 09:04:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxHw"	NA
"Early Years Teacher"	"GBP"	"Dagenham"	"Permanent"	"Early Years Teacher"	"Dagenham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description On behalf of an excellent school based in the heart of Dagenham,REESON Education is looking for an inspirational and outstanding Reception teacher to join their team. If you are a good teacher who is kind and enthusiastic and can push children to be the best they can be, then this is the perfect role for you! This school is an exciting one to work in, with a team of committed staff and leadership team who work exceptionally hard to give the children the very best.Staff are exceptionally well supported and developed as outstanding practitioners and leaders. The school has a very strong inclusive and supportive ethos. They have experienced teaching assistants in each class, a creative curriculum and fabulous children.The school is looking for an Early Years Teacher who can demonstrate:Excellent classroom practiceHigh expectations and a commitment to providing the best possible education for all pupilsThe ability to be flexible, dynamic and organisedBe driven and ambitiousA willingness to participate in extracurricular activitiesThe school offer:The opportunity to work with the most wonderful and well- behaved pupilsA warm, mutually supportive and caring ethosA highly experienced and effective Senior leadership teamA positive and attractive working environmentA happy school - where children smile, they are eager to learn and where standards are high."	"Dagenham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSA4000CA7/588970980"	"29/11/2018 11:37:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhoV"	NA
"Key Stage 2 Teacher - West Hampstead- January 2019"	"GBP"	"Camden, London"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 2 Teacher - West Hampstead- January 2019"	"Camden, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Key Stage 2 Teacher - Primary School in West Hampstead - January 2019Are you a Key Stage 2 specialist teacher?Do you wish to teach in an outstanding and creative learning environment with a stable senior leadership team?The Primary school is a thriving, friendly school in inner-London with excellent transport links, buses and tubes to Camden Town and Central London (Westminster). An Outstanding Primary School in between West Hampstead and Kilburn High road are searching for an experienced Key Stage 2 Teacher to join them after Christmas. This is a permanent opportunity and there are ample career progression opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. There is flexibility to choose from Year 3 or 5 depending on the suitability of the candidate.This Outstanding Primary school prides offers a nurturing community which supports the children with their emotional and social development, creating an environment which enables them to expect the highest possible standards of academic success.Key Stage 2 Teacher'Outstanding' rated by OfstedJanuary 2019PermanentThree form entry,West Hampstead/KilburnMPS/UPS inner LondonThe Head Teacher allows all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons. The Key Stage 2 teacher appointed will be expected to offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of their teaching assistant in class.This Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their established senior leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. The teacher appointed will be working alongside the other Key Stage 2 teacher. Therefore, planning for lessons will be shared between the Key Stage 2 teachers to combine ideas and reduce work-load.The Key Stage 2 Teacher will be carefully selected and should hold specialist subject interests, intellect and ambition to develop as a teacher. The successful Key Stage 2 teacher will become a part of a warm, welcoming environment, with an enthusiastic, motivated and knowledgeable team.Interviews for this school will begin this week! "	"Camden, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSCE66557C/589782818"	"29/11/2018 11:05:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhG7"	NA
"Year 5 Primary Teacher"	"£145 per day "	"Newham, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Primary Teacher"	"Newham, London - £145 per day "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Year 5 Primary Teacher - Newham - January StartAcademics are currently seeking a year 5 primary school teacher in the East London Borough of Newham. This is for maternity cover in January for 2 terms. We are looking for an experienced key stage 2 primary teacher who is looking for a long term role. This is a good East London school with behaviour and safety of pupils rated \"Outstanding\" by Ofsted. The daily rate will be £145+ based on experience.Year 5 Primary TeacherJanuary StartMaternity Cover (2 Terms)Newham, East London£145+ Daily Rate Based on ExperienceEducation and TrainingAre you an experienced key stage 2 primary teacher?Are you looking for a temporary position starting in January in East London?Year 5 Primary Teacher - About the RoleThis is maternity cover for a year 5 primary teacher to start in January for 2 terms. The students in this class are a joy to teach and are very warm and friendly. The primary school's members of staff are all very positive and hard working. The headteacher is looking for someone who will match the schools ethos. The daily rate will be £145+ based on experience.Year 5 Primary Teacher - Ideal CandidateAcademics are looking for an experienced key stage 2 primary school teacher to step into this year 5 class to ensure a seamless transition for the students. You will be required to start in January and be able to cover for 2 terms. You will need to possess a positive attitude and have a hard working mentality. Someone who is results focused while still being able to adapt to the specific needs of individual students. Previous year 5 experience is an advantage however not a necessity.About the Primary SchoolThis is a good primary school in the East London Borough of Newham. The school is next to a tube station with local buses running also. The primary school has been rated \"Good\" by Ofsted with Outstanding mentioned in regards to the behaviour and safety of the students. The schools headteacher is extremely hard working and supports all members of staff to help ensure that the faculty have all the tools at their disposal to deliver good lesson and gain good results."	"Newham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£145 per day "	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSCB68CFD3/588971026"	"29/11/2018 07:42:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgOp"	NA
"Lead Practitioner/Teacher of Maths"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Mitcham, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Lead Practitioner/Teacher of Maths"	"Mitcham, Surrey - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"We are seeking to appoint a highly skilled, qualified mathematics practitioner to join us in January 2019. Committed to raising achievement, you will give students the skills to succeed across the curriculum.  The successful candidate will: Be a high calibre teacher who can teach pupils of all abilities Be able to show a strong record of raising student attainment through their teaching Have the capacity to bring innovative ideas to the classroom Hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree. As a teacher with the Harris Federation, you will receive a generous benefits package, including a Harris Allowance on top of MPS/UPS, performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Academy Merton Harris Academy Merton serves students from Year 7 to Sixth Form, and has twice been judged Outstanding by Ofsted. The current student roll is 1200, with a planned increase in our Year 7 intake over the next two years taking our numbers from 180 to 240 students. Applications for places greatly exceed the places available. The academy is set in seven acres of land, containing five teaching blocks, a sports hall, a full size floodlit all weather pitch plus four full size floodlit tennis courts and our own playing fields as well as an administration building containing the assembly hall and dining hall. We are favourably located for public transport with good local access to bus, mainline train and underground links, as well as on-site parking for vehicles and bicycles. Why work at Harris Academy Merton? The opportunity to work within an over-subscribed, 'Outstanding' academy A calm, well disciplined yet positive and innovative learning environment A strong commitment to our ethos: \"Achievement is Success\" Excellent facilities and resources for staff and students Excellent record of GCSE results The Harris Federation offers exceptional opportunities for personal and professional development. No matter what stage you are at or what job you do, we will support and develop your skills, with our Teaching School delivering outstanding courses for staff at every level, including NPQML, NPQSL, NPQH and beyond. As part of Harris, you will have the opportunity to progress within a close regional network, with regular opportunities for promotion available both within the academy and across the Federation. We have a highly experienced team of leaders, including executive principals, mentors and subject specialists, all committed to supporting your career and developing your skills as a teacher. Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Mitcham, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS ACADEMY MERTON"	"HARRIS ACADEMY MERTON"	"JS3573_6814261/582041395"	"29/11/2018 07:04:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgFM"	"Graduate"
"Business Studies Teacher"	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Runcorn, Cheshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Runcorn, Cheshire - 120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	" Do you have a background or understanding in/business?  Do you strive to get the best out of your classroom? Are you ready to steer the department to the next level?  The role  We are working on behalf of a school based in the Halton area to appoint the next member of their Business Studies team. Their brand new department who have unrivalled resources for a school of their capacity, require an enthusiastic and energetic Teacher who can take the next generation of students to the next level.  The school  With a huge student body and an ever growing population this academy, in the heart of Halton, specialises in a number of subjects with a powerful emphasis on allowing teachers to develop, create and enhance their own individual styles. The spine of their academic specialisms is supplemented with a variety creative disciplines.  The Candidate  Fully Qualified TeacherExperience Teaching Business StudiesNQT's Welcome to apply!Enthusiasm The Perks  Potential to go permanentGreat rate of payWonderful schoolSupportive Faculty If you are an experienced Business teacher and this sounds like the opportunity for you, please apply online or reply to my email address with a recent CV!  Randstad Education is the UK market leader in education recruitment. We have been helping teachers and support staff to find temporary and permanent education jobs for nearly twenty years. Working with over 2,500 schools each week we can find the right match for your skills. We are proud to support a diverse portfolio of schools and academies within the Greater Manchester area. These schools range in size, catchment, religious background and ethos. We understand that every school and child is different so we carefully match our staff with the schools and children to which they work best. Randstad Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and requires all applicants to share this commitment. All applicants will be subject to an enhanced DBS check. "	"Runcorn, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Randstad Education Limited"	"Randstad Education Limited"	"JS3561_36748132/592833841"	"03/12/2018 13:14:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPHt"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"37k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hook Norton, Oxfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Hook Norton, Oxfordshire - 37k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"\"Relationships between staff and pupils are good. Values of tolerance and respect are a core part of the school's ethos\"\"The curriculum provides good opportunities for pupils to be successful and make progress after they leave school\".\"Good teaching is enabling pupils to make good progress pupils behave well in lessons, around the school site and at breaktimes\".REED Education are working in partnership with a large Secondary School in Northamptonshire in their search for a Business Studies Teacher. This is a Full time position to start ASAP.Planning and marking will be required and the School would welcome applications from teachers who can offer a second subject such as ICT or Computing, this would be beneficial but is not essential.Our school is commutable from Northampton, Milton Keynes, Daventry, Kettering and Banbury. The successful candidate will: - Have the ability to teach Business from Year 7 upwards Be passionate about their subject areas and a good role model to students Be comfortable teaching in Key Stage 5 if required Be innovative and have a strong classroom presence Have excellent communication skills and be able to work within a team of specialist teachersThe School will support the appointed teacher through an excellent Head Teacher and a strong leadership team, therefore the right candidate will be given all of the tools to succeed in an exciting teaching environment. If you are interested and available, or would like an informal chat about this position, please contact Matt Payne on or at . Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Hook Norton, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"37k Annual 00 GBP"	"Milton Keynes Education"	"Milton Keynes Education"	"JS3561_36731630/591354323"	"02/12/2018 09:24:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlD6r"	NA
"Primary Supply Teacher - Cardiff"	"GBP"	"Cardiff"	"Permanent"	"Primary Supply Teacher - Cardiff"	"Cardiff - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Vetro Education are working closely with a number of Primary Schools in Cardiff and the surrounding areas who are seeking Enthusiastic Primary School Teachers to work within their schools to provide a high calibre of teaching on a daily basis.Salary: £100-£125 per dayLocation: Newport, Cardiff, CaerphillyHours: Weekdays, Flexible working hours, Ad HocPrimary school teachers have a variety of duties beyond just teaching and lesson planning. It is a varied role that can be incredibly rewarding.Duties:Planning lessonsTeaching a variety of subjects according to the curriculumMarking and assessmentLeading and assisting a class of Key Stage 1 or Key Stage 2 pupilsUsing class resources effectivelyMonitoring the development of individual studentsAssessing skills and knowledge through tests and assignmentsCommunicating with parents, the LEA and administrative staffContributing to school eventsPrimary Teachers are required to be:Well-organizedMotivatedPatientGood communicatorsEnergetic and versatileCreative and interestingYou will be teaching a variety of subjects so you need to be adaptable, intelligent, and able to explain things clearly.Entry Criteria:It is essential to have Qualified Teaching Status (QTS) if you plan to work at an LEA school.There are three main ways of gaining QTS:Postgraduate Certificate in Education (PGCE)Graduate Teacher Programme (GTP)School Centred Initial Teacher Training (SCITT)Benefits Include:Excellent Rates of payNO PAYROLL FEESDedicated Recruitment ConsultantOption to accrue or roll up holiday payQuick RegistrationFlexible working hours to suit your needsLove2Shop vouchers for anyone you recommendDue to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet our clients' requirements. At Vetro Recruitment, we have over 25 years' experience helping people plan their career path, navigate the job market and find their ideal role. We pride ourselves on the service we offer our candidates.We will work alongside you at all stages of the job application process and help you identify, apply for and secure your ideal role. Whether you are looking for a permanent or temporary position we're here to help. Vetro recruitment acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Vetro is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone. "	"Cardiff, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"JSDF80FE67/591737422"	"01/12/2018 11:15:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz8Y"	"Graduate"
"SEN/SEMH Teacher, Hampshire"	"GBP"	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"SEN/SEMH Teacher, Hampshire"	"Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Academics are looking for passionate teachers with experience of teaching pupils with SEN/SEMH either within a mainstream or specialist setting.We work with SEN schools and alternative provisions across Hampshire and the surrounding areas so whether you are looking for short term or long term/permanent work, please get in touch.You will ideally have experience of working with pupils with special educational needs but this is not essential. Many teachers who have personal experiences or just have an interest in working in this type of environment are encouraged to apply. Specialist schools cater for children from early years - post 16 with various needs including social, emotional and mental health difficulties, downs syndrome, autism & aspergers and modern/severe/profound learning difficulties where you will be required to teacher from P levels, up to GCSE's.If you feel you are suited to the above, please contact me using the link below with a copy of your updated CV.You MUST:Be a UK Trained teacher or possess QTS.Have recent teaching experience in the UK.Have experience of working in an SEN/SEMH setting Be empathetic and possess a calm mannerBe able to show good behaviour management skills.Be available 3-5 days per weekIdeally live in HampshireBe friendly and open to new challenges.You will be required to undertake an enhanced DBS if you do not have one registered to the DBS Update Services and be able to to provide reference details to cover the past two years.  "	"Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBA9132E9/590808267"	"01/12/2018 11:09:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkzza"	NA
"Full Time English Teacher required"	"120.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Full Time English Teacher required"	"Guildford, Surrey - 120.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are currently recruiting for a Fully Qualified English Teacher to work in an SEN School based in Guildford. A new exciting career opportunity open to both mainstream and SEN Teachers who have previous experience of working with Primary and Secondary. The school are looking for a Fully Qualified Teacher to work with both primary and secondary student with a total of up to 8 pupils per class. The school caters for students who have statements of special educational needs and/or Education, Health and Care plans with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health) as their primary identified need, though the majority of students have additional special educational needs such as autistic spectrum conditions, speech, language and communication difficulties, ADHD, opposition defiance, medical conditions and attachment disorders. It will involve working on a 1:1 basis as well as general classroom support with children who have Special Educational Needs therefore, we need candidates who have specific experience of providing 1:1 support for SEN pupils - promoting their overall development. Key Skills:- Excellent communicationOrganisationTeam workingPatiencePositive, enthusiastic worker as well as taking pride in your job role.Enjoys a challengeShould you require any additional information regarding SEN or indeed to apply for one of the positions we have available, please contact your SEN specialist Rachel Dickson on or  All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see faqs for details. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. For details of our privacy policy, please see privacy-notice "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36740780/591760849"	"02/12/2018 09:05:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDvt"	NA
"Full Time English Teacher required"	"GBP"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Full Time English Teacher required"	"Guildford, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are currently recruiting for a Fully Qualified English Teacher to work in an SEN School based in Guildford.A new exciting career opportunity open to both mainstream and SEN Teachers who have previous experience of working with Primary and Secondary. The school are looking for a Fully Qualified Teacher to work with both primary and secondary student with a total of up to 8 pupils per class.The school caters for students who have statements of special educational needs and/or Education, Health and Care plans with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health) as their primary identified need, though the majority of students have additional special educational needs such as autistic spectrum conditions, speech, language and communication difficulties, ADHD, opposition defiance, medical conditions and attachment disorders.It will involve working on a 1:1 basis as well as general classroom support with children who have Special Educational Needs therefore, we need candidates who have specific experience of providing 1:1 support for SEN pupils - promoting their overall development.Key Skills:-Excellent communicationOrganisationTeam workingPatiencePositive, enthusiastic worker as well as taking pride in your job role.Enjoys a challengeShould you require any additional information regarding SEN or indeed to apply for one of the positions we have available, please contact your SEN specialist Rachel Dickson on or All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS7D6ADCD5/591737256"	"01/12/2018 09:03:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxGA"	NA
"KS1 Year 2 Teacher in Woolwich (Greenwich)"	"GBP"	"Woolwich, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"KS1 Year 2 Teacher in Woolwich (Greenwich)"	"Woolwich, United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel is pleased to present a great opportunity for a SATs Intervention Teacher to start at one of our partner Primary Schools in Woolwich on a Full time basis. The position will start ASAP. The school is walking distance from Woolwich Arsenal Station (Southeastern rail) and also has parking near the school.The role will be working 5 days a week working with Year 2 students to help raise attainment in time for their SATs. The role will continue up until the end of the school year.The School has gone from strength to strength over the last three years and has been recognised by OFSTED 2015 as 'Outstanding' in all aspects of its work and recognised that the results in English and mathematics were the best outcomes achieved by pupils in five years in both key stages and early years. The school aims to equip their students with the skills and confidence to tackle anything in life.The school has a positive energy and learning ethos and you will be joining a team of enthusiastic children, inspirational teachers and support staff and supportive parents. Pupils are happy, polite and respectful of each other. There is some challenging behaviour across the school but this is well supported by the team of teaching assistants and effective behaviour policies. Personal development is strong at the school with high-quality training offered to it's members of staff.If this sounds like the right environment for you, the school are hoping to interview on a rolling basis immediately.The shortlisting criteria include:QTS or experience tutoring SATs pupilsA flexible and adaptable approach to workExcellent classroom managementCommitment to personal development (and a goal of working towards becoming a teacher would be a bonus!)A valid DBS registered on the update serviceShortlisted candidates will be contacted within 2 days so if you would like to be considered for the position email a copy of your CVAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Woolwich, United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS7F5885F1/590130984"	"29/11/2018 15:38:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjNO"	NA
"English and Media Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description English and Media Teacher I am working with a good school based in Lambeth that is looking appoint an English and Media teacher. The position starts January 2019 and is a full time position, 5 days a week. The position would be via the agency to begin with, however, there is a full time permanent role available from September for a suitable candidate.The position will involve teaching both KS3 and KS4 English and Media. The school has a strong English department and they are looking for an English teacher who would be happy to take on a timetable involving 6 media lessons alongside English.The school really appreciates the value of high literacy skills and has excellent facilities in both its library and in classrooms.The English department offers a variety of extracurricular activities including theatre trips, guest poets and authors, a literature festival, poetry slam, debating club and spelling club. If you would like to become part of a vibrant and exciting department then look no further.The school are only considering applications from candidates that have the right to work in the UK, hold a PGCE or equivalent qualification and hold a subject relevant degree.If you would like to be considered for this opportunity in education and training as an English and Media teacher then please email an up to date copy of your CV over to Oliver at Reeson Education as soon as possible.The SchoolThis is a large mixed academy based in the London borough of Lambeth. The school is part of a large academy chain and has the backing of considerable resources, allowing it to provide excellent opportunities for CPD and avenues of progression for staff. The school was recently inspected by Ofsted in December 2017 and continues to maintain a Good rating. This is a solid school with a good academic rating and is well respected in the local community.Company Information:REESON Education is London's premier recruitment agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence. We work exclusively with a number of London's best secondary schools across all areas of London, offer highly competitive rates of pay and an unmatched personal service.REESON Education will try to respond to all applications within three working days. However due to the volume of applications we receive we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other vacancies we advertise in future that you think you may be suitable for. "	"London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSB286A1BE/590808310"	"01/12/2018 11:08:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzyO"	NA
"Head of Inititial Teacher Education"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Inititial Teacher Education"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" The Division of Education at London South Bank University's School of Law and Social Sciences is seeking to appoint a permanent Full time Head of Teacher Education (Grade 9) with effect from 23 April 2019. You will have qualified teacher status (QTS), demonstrable experience of Initial Teacher Education and good knowledge of contemporary approaches to learning and teaching and teacher education. Sound knowledge and understanding of the current priorities in teacher education are essential.You will have worked effectively with schools and other educational settings to ensure that all students benefit from high quality placement experiences. Understanding of how to develop and manage quality assurance systems relating to initial teacher education is an essential requirement. You will have experience of working with colleagues on external inspections and reviews. You will have experience of management, including a track record of motivating staff. To view the full job description please click here For an informal discussion concerning the post please contact Andrew Read, Head of the Division of Education on to schedule a phone conversation or meeting. The role description and competence criteria in respect of this position, and details of how to apply, can be found here. The deadline for applications is 31st January 2019 and interviews are scheduled for the week beginning 11th February 2019. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"London South Bank University"	"London South Bank University"	"JSREQ2469/591758487"	"01/12/2018 11:14:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz7g"	NA
"Day to Day Primary Teacher"	"GBP"	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Day to Day Primary Teacher"	"Tower Hamlets, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Day to Day Primary Teacher- East London- Immediate Start Are you looking for a D-2-D teaching role that offers flexibility with when you work?  Do you want to control what days you work?  Do you hold flexibility?  If yes, Academics have the perfect opportunity for you! Day to Day Primary TeacherFlexibility with Years depending on preference£120-£150 per day depending on experienceImmediate Start Academics are currently working with multiple schools across East London that requires qualified teachers on a day to day basis. The successful candidate will work across multiple schools or one daily depending on the preference of working. Academics ensures all schools offer education and training to every staff member.  This is a great opportunity for teachers who are looking to control the days they work. The successful candidate must be friendly, motivated and have a minimum of one years experience in a primary school setting.  To apply for this role you must be eligible to work in the UK and Hold QTS. If you are seeking a daily supply opportunity please call on today to find out more.Day to Day Primary Teacher- East London- Immediate StartAcademics ensures all schools offer education and training. "	"Tower Hamlets, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS10684D2A/592626193"	"02/12/2018 13:06:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEx7"	NA
"Health and Social Care Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Health and Social Care Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description JOB DESCRIPTIONHealth and Social Care teacher for an \"outstanding\" all-girls school based in Central London. The school are looking for a Health and Social Care teacher to teach across Key Stages 4 and 5. This position is to start in January 2019. The school has excellent facilities and is very well resourced. The school is happy to consider all good Computing teachers. The school is keen to meet teachers as soon as possible.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is easily accessible to all parts of London, they provide a peaceful and secure environment for rich and stimulating learning experiences. Proud of their distinctive character as a diverse and fully comprehensive girls' school, they value individuality and celebrate the relationships that make them a uniquely positive and supportive school community. They have an unswerving commitment to our inclusive culture and a well-established reputation for providing an education of the highest quality for girls-Good OFSTED report-Exceptional working environment for all its staff and pupils-High academic standards and level of pupil behaviour.-Excellent facilities and resourcesREQUIREMENTSApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Health and Social Care teachers and overseas trained Health and Social Care teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Gavin at Reeson Education ASAP "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS57D2F558/590808293"	"01/12/2018 11:16:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz95"	NA
"Apply Now! Male PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Apply Now! Male PE Teacher"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are seeking a talented Male PE teacher to join this superb high school in London for an January start. If you are seeking an opportunity to teach motivated students then apply today. This really is a superb opportunityl for any Male PE Teacher looking for a teaching job in London.*Male PE Teaching jobs in London, immediate interview*Male PE teaching job*Outstanding Department*Immediate Interview and start- Apply TodayAre you a Male PE teacher seeking an opportunity to join an excellent school in London. We are seeking a talented teacher of Physical education to teach in a friendly atmosphere where you will be made to feel at home from the word go.You will join an excellent school that is determined to give their pupils every opportunity to make the most of their abilities through a combination of excellent teaching and a supportive learning environment. You will join a school with excellent facilities and resources.Interviews are being held immediately, you need to apply today for an immediate interview.Apply today for a great PE teaching opportunity. "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS5465E618/591737400"	"02/12/2018 13:07:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEzX"	NA
"Design and Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Design and Technology Teacher"	"Havant, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are working with a fantastic school in the Havant area who have a new opportunity that might be just right for you. Starting for January 2019, the school are looking to recruit a Teacher of Design Technology to teach KS3 with elements of KS4 to join them on full time basis.The SchoolOfsted rated \"Good\" with particular praise for its supportive SLT teamMixed Academy School with positive progress scoresA school focused on supporting its community through outreach and extra curricular activitiesDedicated to a professional approach in the well being of each studentThe roleResponsible for resourcing and planning lessonsWorking with a wide range of abilities, mainly in KS3Elements of working cohesively with the department in KS4Learn from a strong department with great facilitiesProvide written and verbal feedback to aid learningContribute to the wider school communityApplicants must have UK QTS or equivalent. NQTs are encouraged to apply as long as they show great subject knowledge and the right attitude to learn and be coached by their peers. Please click the \"Apply\" link to send forwards your CV All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS8FC9DE44/588971033"	"29/11/2018 09:40:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgfT"	NA
"South Leeds School seeks Y6 Teacher"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"South Leeds School seeks Y6 Teacher"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description This lovely school in Leeds are currently recruiting for a new Key Stage 2 Teacher to start ASAP. The school is high performing and are striving to become even better. The school is currently in the process of changing class structures and therefore are seeking a new Year 6 teacher.The School is a 10 minute drive from Leeds city centre with great transport links and on-site parking for the school. The school has vibrant links with the outside community which provide unique opportunities for their students to take advantage of their location.The school has a focus on looking to the future and building a responsible and respectful next generation. They hope to shape children into responsible, respectful students who know how to uphold positive relationships and are ambitious life long learners.There is strong leadership across the school with the Senior Leadership Team all working to ensure the school's ethos is happy and cohesive. This welcoming environment keeps staff retention high with teachers generally staying at the school for many years as truly valued members of the team.The Leeds school can offer:Vibrant, enthusiastic and high achieving childrenDedicated friendly staffA welcoming environment with strong links to the local communityIn return, the successful candidate will have:UK QTSA good understanding of SEN and EAL SupportProven track-record of good/outstanding evidence of the difference they make for childrenExperience of teaching Year 6 with KS2 SATs experience The school will interview for this position on a rolling basis so please be sure to apply as soon as you are able. If you are interested then please contact Mohammed at the Leeds and Wakefield Primary Branch. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSA2A2498E/591931021"	"01/12/2018 11:11:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz25"	NA
"Art/Design and Technology Teacher, London"	"32k Annual (dependent on skills and experience and subject to job evaluation comm GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Art/Design and Technology Teacher, London"	"United Kingdom - 32k Annual (dependent on skills and experience and subject to job evaluation comm GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Circa £32k per annum (dependent on skills and experience and subject to job evaluation committee) TreeHouse School, Muswell Hill Full Time Do you share our ambition to push the boundaries on behalf of all the children and young people with autism in the UK? Are you an inspiring and dynamic individual looking for an exciting and rewarding new challenge? What are we looking for? At Ambitious about Autism and Autism Schools Trust, we are seeking a passionate and influential Art/D & T Teacher with an innovative and creative approach to lessons toensure outstanding teaching and learning in the subject through the effective delivery of, access to and progression through a personalised curriculum for each pupil. To succeed in this key role, our successful candidate will be an outstanding communicator with strong interpersonal, organisational and analytical skills, and have substantial experience of teaching Art/D&T to all ages, primary, secondary and sixth form. You should also have: Qualified or unqualified teacher status, with a recognised qualification in Art/D&T Strong knowledge of the National Curriculum for Art/D&T, and of good practice in curriculum planning, development, assessment and evaluation of pupil progress Track record of teaching children and young people with special educational needs, including autism An understanding of the additional H&S considerations re. supporting young people with complex needs Experience of managing assessment, recording and reporting Experience of creating assessments to capture development in Art These are some, but not all, of the amazing achievements we will expect from you. You will: Provide specialist input to those pupils who are identified as benefiting from extra Art/D & T, either one-to-one, in small groups or in an advisory capacity with school staff Lead curriculum development for the subject Encourage creativity and expression that will enable pupils to work in a flexible and progressive manner Oversee the planning and coordination of any school events or educational visits relating to Art/D & T Promote a school culture that supports creativity and ensure all pupils have the opportunity to access activities in a supportive and meaningful way throughout the school year Closing date: 4th December 2018 Interview date: w/c 10th December 2018 Ambitious about Autism offer an excellent benefits package that includes: generous annual leave; season ticket train loans and bike loans; 24-hour Employee Assistant Programme; Pension and Life Assurance; on-site physiotherapy, mindfulness training, eye tests and eye care, and childcare voucher scheme.  Ambitious about Autism is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all suitably qualified persons from all sections of the community. If you would like to discuss any reasonable adjustments that you may need as part of your application, please call Adele Yilmaz, Senior Recruitment Officer (School and Charity Link) on . Ambitious about Autism is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and successful candidates will be subject to an Enhanced DBS check. Please note this post is a designated customer facing role under the fluency duty and requires a specified level of spoken English as stated in the person specification. Please note we have not engaged any agencies to work on this role and only direct applications will be considered. "	"United Kingdom"	"Community"	NA	"32k Annual (dependent on skills and experience and subject to job evaluation comm GBP"	"Ambitious About Autism"	"Ambitious About Autism"	"JS3573_6818470/592930272"	"01/12/2018 11:11:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz2A"	NA
"Teacher of Assistive Technology ASN Peripatetic"	"719.00 - 21887.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Orchardbank Business Park, Angus"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Assistive Technology ASN Peripatetic"	"Orchardbank Business Park, Angus - 719.00 - 21887.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Based at Angus House, Orchardbank Business Park, Forfar, covering the Angus area. You will work 21 hours per week, by arrangement. Applications from Angus Council Teachers on a secondment basis will be considered. You must have the approval of your line manager.  Requirements You must have the ability to become a member of the PVG Scheme. Please refer to job outline, person specification and information sheet for further details and requirements for this job. "	"Orchardbank Business Park, Angus, UK"	"Education"	NA	"719.00 - 21887.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Angus Council"	"Angus Council"	"JS3561_36726739/590493600"	"02/12/2018 09:04:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDup"	NA
"Teacher - Business"	"College support staff pay scale GBP"	"Henley-on-thames, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher - Business"	"Henley-on-thames, Oxfordshire - College support staff pay scale GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"PROFESSIONAL DUTIES (in line with the Sixth Form Colleges Association contract) To carry out your duties under the reasonable direction of the College Principal.  Teaching  planning and preparing learning material for courses and lessons; teaching, according to their educational needs and awarding body requirements, the students assigned to you including the setting and marking and assessment of work to be carried out by the student in college and elsewhere; assessing, recording and reporting on the development, progress and attainment of students in each case having regard to the curriculum for the college; Internal moderation and moderation of assessed work; Ensure the continuous improvement of retention and achievement on learner programmes. Other Activities promoting the general progress and well-being of individual students and of any class or group of students assigned to you; providing guidance and advice to students on educational and social matters and on their further education and future careers, including information about sources of more expert advice on specific questions; making relevant records and reports; making records of and reports on the personal and social needs of students; communicating and consulting with the parents of students; communicating and co-operating with persons or bodies outside the college; participating in meetings arranged for any of the purposes described above; contributing to the College marketing activities; to assist with the recruitment of new students; Adherence to College policies and procedures. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES    To identify personal and professional staff development needs to meet the College's Strategic and Operational Plan. To ensure continuous professional development (CPD) requirements as specified by the College and that may be identified during College processes, for example Appraisal. To participate in the College Appraisal Scheme. To be responsible for ensuring that the duties and responsibilities detailed in the College Health and Safety Policy are adhered to and carried out. To maintain awareness of the requirements of the College Health and Safety Policy. To read and apply the College Safeguarding procedures and to ensure that the duties and responsibilities detailed in the College Safeguarding Policy are adhered to and carried out. To read the College Single Equality Scheme and to act in accordance with statutory obligations under the equality duties and in compliance with current Equality and Diversity legislation. To ensure adherence to the College Data Protection Policy. To work to the College quality standards and systems within the context of the College quality systems. To undertake such other duties and responsibilities as are appropriate to this level of post. THE PERSON    Essential skills and characteristics  A relevant Degree or equivalent professional qualification Teaching qualification (or working towards a full teaching qualification) Evidence of continuing professional development Teaching experience (or relevant professional work experience) including knowledge and experience of the specified subject area(s) Experience of using a range of differentiated and creative teaching strategies and resources Experience of developing course material Commitment to active and student-centred learning A commitment to raising standards for all learners in order for students to achieve their full potential and overall achieve better than average progress from their starting point Commitment to keeping up-to-date with educational developments affecting the work of the College and the subject/course areas covered by the post Energy, enthusiasm and the ability to communicate effectively with students and staff Well-developed organisational skills The willingness and ability to work collaboratively with a committed team of teachers and support staff Effective ICT skills A commitment to Equal Opportunities and Diversity A commitment to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of students "	"Henley-on-thames, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"College support staff pay scale GBP"	"The Henley College"	"The Henley College"	"JS4513_68436/587652790"	"28/11/2018 11:44:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXdz"	NA
"Teacher"	"Competitive GBP"	"Widnes, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher"	"Widnes, Cheshire - Competitive GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Are you interested in passing on your skills to the next generation? You can do this whilst receiving a fully funded package of tailored support and teaching quali cations to develop a successful career in teaching or assessing at Riverside College. You will be working in our new £3.6 million Engineering and Construction Skills Centre at our Kingsway Campus, which boasts state of the art equipment and outstanding workshop environments. You will also be working at the IDEA Centre, a brand new cutting edge building at our Cronton Campus which will educate students using some of the most advanced industry standard equipment and methods. The School of Engineering and Construction o ers courses and apprenticeships from entry level through to higher education courses. A background in engineering, electrical installation, motor vehicle, plumbing, brickwork, or carpentry and joinery is required for the role. "	"Widnes, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Competitive GBP"	"Riverside College"	"Riverside College"	"JS4513_52648/587045913"	"28/11/2018 09:45:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkWRY"	"Graduate"
"KS2 NQT/KS2 Teacher"	"Inner London GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"KS2 NQT/KS2 Teacher"	"Ealing, London - Inner London GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	" KS2 NQT - Ealing  The NQT Partnership are currently working alongside a fantastic Ealing Primary School who are in search of a KS2 NQT for September 2019! As London's premier NQT Recruitment provider, you'll be well looked after by the NQT Partnership as we help to secure you a great teaching post for your career. Are you currently training on a PGCE or BA/BED QTS programme and looking to secure your first teaching post for September? Are you passionate about teaching and want to make a difference within an Inner city primary school? Do you seek an opportunity to work in a school that truly values and invests in its staff and provides them with opportunities to develop your skills further? The NQT Partnership are looking for a bright and enthusiastic KS2 NQT who wants to make a genuine difference in the classroom. If you are currently being graded as a 'Good' or 'Outstanding' KS2 NQT, then we are super keen to speak to you about this school. As a KS2 NQT in this wonderful primary school you will be offered outstanding CPD and training opportunities to develop your skills as a practitioner. You will be offered an NQT mentor who will give you the relevant support to ensure you get your career off to a flying start. We're looking for a KS2 NQT The School is based in Ealing, West London Paying an Inner London Salary  This role is PERMANENT Offering excellent CPD/Training opportunities Start YOUR NQT year in a fantastic school. The school is well equipped for the 21 st Century learning giving you the opportunity to really engage your pupils through technology. With great outdoor spaces, spacious classrooms and great facilities throughout you will never be short of things to keep children happy and enjoying their learning. The successful KS2 NQT would be able to join the school from July 2019 and be paid throughout the summer holidays. To apply for this position, please send a copy of your CV/Cover Letter or Personal Statement to Ashley Atmore. The NQT Partnership is London's premier permanent NQT recruitment provider. We are committed to ensuring you get the best school to start your career in. "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6806199/567388471"	"02/12/2018 11:11:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdT"	NA
"KS1 or KS2 NQT (September 2019 Start)"	"Inner London GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"KS1 or KS2 NQT (September 2019 Start)"	"Hackney, London - Inner London GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Class Teacher (NQT) - Hackney The NQT Partnership are currently working alongside a fantastic 2 form entry primary school based in the London Borough of Hackney, East London. The Head teacher is looking for a passionate and enthusiastic Class Teacher (NQT) to join the team on a permanent basis from September 2019. An exciting opportunity for a tenacious Class Teacher (NQT) to join a high achieving primary school in the London Borough of Hackney has become available and the Head teacher is keen to meet potential candidates as soon as possible. Are you looking for a supportive inner city primary school where you can develop your teaching skills and make something of your career? Do you have a passion for education and want to make a difference within a deprived area? Do you want to work in a school where children are always put first over anything and everyone is focused on delivering outstanding outcomes? The NQT Partnership is looking for an outstanding Class Teacher (NQT) to join a lovely, 2 form entry primary school in Hackney, East London. As an NQT you will be offered excellent support and be given full creativity to plan lessons that will inspire and enthuse children. The successful NQT that joins will be an enthusiastic and driven and able to deliver exciting lessons with confidence. As an NQT you will be able to create an inclusive education environment where all children have equal access to the curriculum. As an NQT you will be given full support and development from your NQT mentor. Year group is flexible and open to discussion upon interview. The appointed NQT will be offered a permanent contract with the view of starting from July 2019 and be paid over the summer holidays. Class Teacher (NQT) Hackney, East London Permanent Teaching Post M1 - Inner London Salary The NQT Partnership is London's only specialist NQT recruitment service specialising in placing NQTs into their first teaching position. To apply for this exciting Class Teacher (NQT) post in Hackney, East London then please send a copy of your CV/Personal Statement today!  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813570/586577226"	"02/12/2018 11:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEcs"	NA
"PPA cover supply- Swindon"	"100 - 130 p/d GBP"	"Swindon"	"Unspecified"	"PPA cover supply- Swindon"	"Swindon - 100 - 130 p/d GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"PPA Teacher job in Swindon £100 -£130 per day Your new roleThe role will begin ASAP and is ongoing. You will be required to cover across KS 1/2 classes. You will be covering PPA time and all lessons will be pre-planned. You will be required to complete marking at the end of the day. The ideal teacher will be approachable, patient and adaptable in their approach to teaching.What you'll need to succeed Qualified Teacher Status (NQTs welcome) Willingness to promote learning Strong classroom management skills Flexible and adaptable approach to work Positive outlook Innovative and resourceful teaching methodsWhat you'll get in returnHays Education offers a comprehensive and bespoke approach to recruitment and are highly experienced in placing primary teachers into supply, long term and permanent jobs. You will have your very own dedicated consultant that will support you throughout your career. Working through Hays you will also enjoy a range of employee benefits including free CPD, as well as advice on CV writing and interview techniques. What you need to do nowIf you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV. Kelly Colborne Hays Education Swindon  Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers. "	"Swindon, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100 - 130 p/d GBP"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited"	"Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited"	"JS3561_36474648/589181065"	"28/11/2018 07:43:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVqI"	NA
"Upper KS2 - ASAP start - £150 per day"	"150.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Unspecified"	"Upper KS2 - ASAP start - £150 per day"	"Hounslow, London - 150.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"* Upper KS2 Teacher. * January 2019. * Hounslow. * Full time, Permanent position. * Generous London weighted salary. Summary: - Upper KS2 Teacher Veritas Education are currently looking for an upper KS2 Teacher on behalf of a highly regarded primary school based in the West London borough of Hounslow. The school would be able to offer the Teaching position across Year 5 or 6 due to staff rearrangements, the role would also be accompanied by a generous London weighted salary. The School: - Upper KS2 Teacher Based in the London borough of Hounslow the school benefits from excellent transport links and a tight knit community. The combination of excellent fund-raising and generous council budgets have led to well-resourced and state of the art facilities. The staff are all very close with strong relationships formed between teachers, students and parents alike. The Position: - Upper KS2 Teacher Upper KS2 TeacherGenerous London weighted salaryExcellent CPD opportunities availableExtracurricular activities available when requiredCandidate requirements: - Upper KS2 Teacher Qualified Teacher StatusFriendly PersonalityPrevious KS2 Teaching experience beneficialNewly Qualified Teachers Encouraged to applyAPPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 - 210.00 Annual GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36720972/590369496"	"02/12/2018 09:25:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlD7d"	NA
"Business Studies - Immediate Start"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Merton, London"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies - Immediate Start"	"Merton, London - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A Secondary Academy is looking for a Teacher who specialises in Business Studies to start in January or sooner. This is a great opportunity to join a hard-working Business department in a high-achieving successful school. Well managed school Supportive parent body Well established behaviour management policy is applied tirelessly by senior staff who back teachers Good programme of internal and external CPD Opportunities to contribute to a varied programme of Extra-Curricular activities The school will contribute to the Teachers' Pension Scheme The successful Candidate will need to be:  You are a qualified ICT teacher and you have experience teaching ICT and Business Studies up to Key Stage 5  You are flexible, adaptable and have what it takes to succeed teaching in a secondary environment. Email Catherine at Lynx Education UK experience preferred. This Academy Group believes in creating great places to work for teachers, leaders and support staff. They believe there is no better place to grow your career, with outstanding development opportunities, career path, and support from inspirational colleagues across this school's network, and a generous benefits and rewards package. Due to the high number of responses that we receive, we can only respond to the candidates who meet the criteria specified above by our client and we do not retain your details on our data base. We NEVER email your details anywhere without your permission. GOOD Luck in your job search and we hope we can assist you. "	"Merton, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36748553/592833260"	"02/12/2018 13:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEvh"	NA
"1:1 Tutor Stockport"	"GBP"	"Stockport, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"1:1 Tutor Stockport"	"Stockport, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a qualified teacher or experienced tutor looking for flexible work in the Stockport area?Would you like a role that is extremely rewarding, both professionally and financially? I am looking for 1:1 Tutors to support Looked After Children in the Stockport area across a range of core subjects. This tuition may take place in school, at the pupil's home or in a local community setting, and is often for two hours a day, five days a week during school hours. Many of our tutors complete several different assignments per day as the work is both consistent and flexible.RequirementsQTS or extensive tuition experienceChild Only DBS on the update serviceCalm and patient teaching styleDriving licence (preferred)If this sounds like the role for you, or you would like further information, please get in touch using the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Stockport, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1F5A527A/592626218"	"02/12/2018 11:04:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEYo"	NA
"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client are an well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy. They are looking for someone who has excellent industry knowledge and wants to be part of an ambitious education business. This is an incredibly exciting opportunity for established consultants who wants a new challenge!Are you an forward thinking individual with experience within the Education Recruitment sector? Do you want to join a team filled with thriving and exciting people? Do you want to earn a life changing salary?The successful person will have -Self-motivationA diligent and robust recruitment practiseAbility to partner with candidates and clientsAdditionally, you may have experience of -A full 360 experience within recruitmentAbility to grow a cold deskA desire to solution find and forward thinkOur client is offering you -£100k package on offerUncapped earningsPromotional pathways for growth and developmentSupportive leadership team"	"Birmingham, UK"	"HR, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Harrison Sands"	"Harrison Sands"	"JS148DE1FF/581961054"	"29/11/2018 07:38:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgLk"	"Executive"
"Director of Learning Business"	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"South Croydon, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Director of Learning Business"	"South Croydon, Surrey - Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We are seeking an exceptional, experienced and enthusiastic qualified teacher for a senior middle leadership role as Director of Learning (Business). Your opportunity The successful candidate will take responsibility for a strong and successful Business Department, providing vision, leadership and direction, and be a member of the Academy's middle leadership team. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious professional to join our team of committed staff who 'share a common sense of purpose and high expectations of what students can achieve' (Ofsted).  We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. We are looking for: A dynamic and outstanding teacher, holding QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree The ability to teach the Business curriculum at Key Stages 3, 4 and 5 An ambitious person with high expectations for yourself and your students Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education A performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Academy Purley Harris Academy Purley is an oversubscribed 11-19 co-educational academy with currently 1050 students on roll, situated on the Croydon/Surrey border. Open since September 2009, we are judged Outstanding by Ofsted, and moved into a state-of-the-art new building in September 2012.  We are a happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat on another with care and respect, combining traditional values of discipline and good manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology. The academy's leadership team and staff share an expectation that each and every student who joins Harris Academy Purley achieves his or her \"personal best\". With an emphasis on Enterprise, the academy strives each and every day to create a culture and ethos which promotes curiosity, initiative and leadership in all our young people. Why work at Harris Academy Purley? \"This is an outstanding academy. High quality teaching promotes learning and enjoyment for all students.\" - Ofsted  The opportunity to be part of an oversubscribed, 'Outstanding'-rated academy A superb, modern working environment with state-of-the-art facilities A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect Generous Harris benefits and rewards package Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Academy Purley are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"South Croydon, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"HARRIS ACADEMY PURLEY"	"HARRIS ACADEMY PURLEY"	"JS3573_6818740/592930165"	"03/12/2018 12:09:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOXX"	"Graduate"
"Coordinator of Business and ICT"	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"Beckenham, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Coordinator of Business and ICT"	"Beckenham, Kent - Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and committed qualified teacher to join Harris Academy Beckenham as Coordinator of Business and Computer Science. What we are looking for: This is a unique and exciting opportunity for an experienced, qualified teacher of Business/Computer Science. The successful applicant will be a creative and dynamic practitioner who holds QTS (or equivalent) and will be able to contribute to the planning of our Computer Science curriculum at KS3-5. The appointed candidate will be well supported by an excellent induction programme. There is the opportunity for additional responsibilities for the right candidate. As a leader with the Harris Federation, you will receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Academy Beckenham: Since opening in 2011, Harris Academy Beckenham has gone from strength to strength. We have been oversubscribed for the last three years, rapidly becoming the school of choice in the local area. Our GCSE and A Level results have improved each year, with our English and Maths combined score in 2016 reaching an outstanding 80% A*-C. Our ambition and aspiration will ensure that we continue to focus on the success of all of our students, irrespective of background. Since converting, results have dramatically improved and we secured a judgment of 'Outstanding' from Ofsted in 2017. Why work at Harris Academy Beckenham? 'The school's culture of aspiration and ambition is clearly demonstrated in classes. Teachers are aspirational for their pupils and set high expectations for them. Pupils respond positively. They are determined to do their best and are confident about meeting ambitious targets set by their teachers.' (OFSTED 2017) It is our ethos of \"Aspire, Discover, Achieve\" that was recognised and praised in our recent inspection, and which contributed to Harris Academy Beckenham being judged as 'outstanding' in every category. In addition, the outstanding progress made by our students, placing us as the most successful school in Bromley (Progress 8 2016), vastly impressed the inspectors. We have a harmonious community with excellent relationships between students and staff, and our students have a focused and mature attitude towards their academic studies. 'Pupils' conduct around the school is exemplary and the school is a calm and orderly environment.' (OFSTED 2017) Our ethos at Harris Academy Beckenham aims to create outstanding scientific learners, as we train our students in resilience, reflectiveness, resourcefulness and reciprocity. These crucial skills underpin an enterprising attitude to learning and have already had significant impact on our students' progress. In order to equip our students with the skills required to be confident and eloquent writers, readers and speakers, our innovative WORD programme is placed at the heart of our curriculum. Our focus on raising aspirations at every level has contributed to this excellent performance, and we intend to sustain and improve these results further year on year. Harris Academy Beckenham is an enriching, innovative and swiftly improving academy, with a brand new premises from September 2017. As a member of the Harris Federation of schools we can offer: Excellent professional development opportunities. Staff benefits including free membership of a health cash plan. A friendly and supportive working environment. Excellent learning resources. The academy works within the wider Harris Federation, a supportive and highly successful group of academies. Each academy operates autonomously within the Federation but all Harris academies collaborate closely in sharing school improvement strategies and in supporting one another. For a full job description and person specification, please download the Job Pack.  To arrange a visit, or if you have any questions, please contact Lyahna Garry, HR Officer, by phone on ext 7129. Please note:  academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not  be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of "	"Beckenham, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"HARRIS ACADEMY BECKENHAM"	"HARRIS ACADEMY BECKENHAM"	"JS3573_6815536/587325653"	"02/12/2018 13:06:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyt"	NA
"1:1 Tutor: Cheshire"	"GBP"	"Knutsford, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"1:1 Tutor: Cheshire"	"Knutsford, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description 1:1 Tutor: Cheshire EastAre you a qualified teacher or experienced tutor looking for flexible work in the Cheshire area?Would you like a role that is extremely rewarding, both professionally and financially? I am looking for 1:1 Tutors to support Looked After Children in the Cheshire area across a range of core subjects. This tuition may take place in school, at the pupil's home or in a local community setting, and is often for two hours a day, five days a week during school hours. Many of our tutors complete several different assignments per day as the work is both consistent and flexible.RequirementsQTS or extensive tuition experienceChild Only DBS on the update serviceCalm and patient teaching styleDriving licence (preferred)If this sounds like the role for you, or you would like further information, please get in touch using the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Knutsford, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS917F7470/592626455"	"02/12/2018 11:04:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEYp"	NA
"PE Teachers - Cannock"	"GBP"	"Cannock, Staffordshire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teachers - Cannock"	"Cannock, Staffordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced or newly qualified PE teacher? Are you available for a long term contract?Academics Ltd are a teacher recruitment Consultancy specialising in Day to Day Supply and Long Term/Permanent Vacancies - we are now looking for experienced and Newly Qualified PE Teachers for schools in the Stafford and Cannock area.We are looking for teachers who are qualified to teach key stage 3, 4 and 5 in PE. You will have a proven track record of good teaching and a strong background in classroom management. You will be able to deliver the curriculum in an enthusiastic way meeting the needs of all your students.You will have strong subject knowledge and you will be able to plan effective lessons that encourage your pupils to get involved and learn.To be considered you must have:QTS or QTLSRelevant degreeClassroom experienceGood behaviour managementIf you are a PE teacher looking for a long term or permanent teaching position please forward your CV now. "	"Cannock, Staffordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBA75AEE0/592626291"	"02/12/2018 13:03:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEwK"	NA
"Head of Science"	"GBP"	"Chichester, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Head of Science"	"Chichester, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description If you're a high performing and experienced Science Teacher looking for the next step in your career this role could be for you! Equally if you're already an outstanding Lead Practitioner/Head of Science, with a proven track record, then we want to hear from you!You will have the opportunity to inspire others within your Department, helping colleagues to develop and improve their practise for the betterment of the School and the Students it serves. You will keep a hand in with teaching, whilst being a key driver in the progress of the Department in your School and across the Trust. You will embody the School's ethos for the delivery of outstanding teaching.The Academy Trust put a huge emphasis on the sharing of best practise, and work collaboratively on this. The Trust realise the importance of effective training and development, and you will be both subject to this programme and play a role in delivering it to colleagues within your jurisdiction. In this role you will enjoy a supportive team and learning environment, as well as the opportunity to make a difference. The School is also proud of it's Students, who are enthusiastic about their education and show a high level of commitment to their learning. The School is judged as \"Outstanding\" by Ofsted, and you will be committed to maintaining this and driving attainment.Person Specification, you are;An outstanding Science SpecialistAble to inspire and motivate othersA highly effective communicator, able to listen and problem solver well in equal measureQualified with UK QTS, or comparative Overseas QualificationA teacher of Biology, Chemistry and Physics up to KS4, and able to deliver at least one of those Subjects up to KS5Apply now for this role using you CV, interviews will be on a rolling basis.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"Chichester, Sussex, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSB8884BE9/567280005"	"01/12/2018 07:05:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkvbq"	NA
"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"Merton, London"	"Permanent"	"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"Merton, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media studies teaching job - KS3/KS4 - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS.JOB DESCRIPTIONMedia Studies Teacher required for an exceptional school in Merton, South London they are looking for a Media teacher to join them in January and to teach across Key Stages 3 and 4. The school has excellent English/Media Faculty and the school is looking for a teacher on a full time basis. This is a great opportunity to work in an outstanding school. The school is keen to meet teachers ASAP, ideally in the next few weeks.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is based in a lovely area in Merton, South London and the school was rated as \"Outstanding\" by OFSTED in its last inspection. The school was newly opened in 2006 and has superb facilities in all departments. The school has a very good level of behaviour and the academic standards are very high, and this is reflected in their exam results. They believe students should take responsibility for their learning and their actions. The pupils are encouraged to be challenged in lessons and to understand that learning is not always about getting the right answer.\"Outstanding\" OFSTED report.81% + at GCSE level 5 GCSE or moreFantastic facilitiesEstablished Media DepartmentFriendly staff and good working environmentApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Media Studies teachers and overseas trained Media Studies teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Thomas on today!REQUIREMENTSAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Merton, London, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC7E2F0F1/575216783"	"02/12/2018 13:15:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE78"	NA
"Secondary Reintegration Officer"	"29 - 31 p/h - pro rata GBP"	"Lambeth, London"	"Permanent"	"Secondary Reintegration Officer"	"Lambeth, London - 29 - 31 p/h - pro rata GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"PLT - Park Campus JOB DESCRIPTION - Reintegration Officer  JOB TITLE: Reintegration Officer  RESPONSIBLE TO: Advisory Teacher  GRADE: SO1 (spine point 29 - 31) pro rata HOURS 8:30 - 16:00 (35 hours per week) term time only Main purpose of the job: Responsible to and under the direction of the advisory teacher of the Park Campus Outreach Services, for supporting: Primary, secondary and transfer students, Secondary aged students at Park Campus for reintegrating to mainstream Delivering early interventions to prevent both fixed term and permanent exclusions in schools across the borough by the use of attainment and other evaluative data. Main Responsibilities and Duties: Support the creation of a clear and ambitious vision for the academic achievement of students to raise student aspiration. To observe and provide in-class and withdrawal behaviour support to students within a school setting or at the Park Campus, including those with SEBD and SEN. To be responsible for devising and establishing individual behaviour plans, before and during support programme and creating working strategies to be continued by the school. Attend and provide relevant student information for MAM, child protection, child in need meetings and other appropriate professionals meetings as may be required. To maintain regular contact with families/carers of students receiving support, to encourage positive family involvement in the students learning and to provide parental support. To accompany relevant staff members on home visits where necessary, having due regard to health and safety guidelines. To facilitate family conferences or parenting groups when needed. To develop and deliver CPD and specialist training for staff and students on a range of topics, eg sexual health, behaviour management, circle time and principles of nurture. Contributing towards the planning and monitoring, evaluation and record keeping of individual education plans, P.S.Ps and reintegration plans for specified students using Outreach Manager. To liaise with various agencies when appropriate for students' benefit. Writing reports for Statutory Assessments and reports for other agencies when required. To facilitate the sharing of information between local agencies, schools and authorities. To maintain regular contact with families/carers of students receiving support to encourage positive family involvement in the student's learning. To build up a full knowledge of the range of support available for students. To be responsible for the planning and implementation of social skills, self-esteem, restorative justice, peer mediation and behaviour management study groups. When appropriate, support secondary transition placements in conjunction with the primary provider. To devise, maintain and monitor individual resources to enhance specified student's behaviour. To ensure we keep up with relevant education developments. To manage own caseload, use initiative and work autonomously. Use of ICT and data to support interventions and casework. To carry out such duties as maybe required from time to time, meeting the needs of the Park Campus. To have due regard for safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and to follow all associated Child Protection and Safeguarding policies as adopted by Park Campus and the Local Authority. To have due regard for safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and to follow all associated Child Protection and Safeguarding policies as adopted by Park Campus. To deputise for the advisory teacher in their absence. PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITIES  To carry out the duties and responsibilities of the post, in accordance with PLT's Health and Safety Policy and relevant Health and Safety guidance and legislation  To promote the safeguarding of children  To use information technology systems as required to carry out the duties of the post in the most efficient and effective manner  To participate in performance management, and undertake training and professional development as appropriate  To undertake other duties appropriate to the post that may reasonably be required by the senior management team on any of the PRU sites. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. This post is subject to an enhanced DBS check. "	"Lambeth, London, UK"	"Healthcare, Education"	NA	"29 - 31 p/h - pro rata GBP"	"PARALLEL LEARNING TRUST"	"PARALLEL LEARNING TRUST"	"JS3573_6809068/572453693"	"02/12/2018 11:06:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaC"	NA
"Sessional Lecturer - Public Services"	"21.49 Hourly - 24.95 Hourly GBP"	"Halesowen, West Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Sessional Lecturer - Public Services"	"Halesowen, West Midlands - 21.49 Hourly - 24.95 Hourly GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and well-experienced individual, preferably a qualified teacher, to join a growing and popular Public Services curriculum area. The successful candidate will teach on a range of theory-based units on Level 1 - 5 programmes but in particular the HND in Policing. Experience in Policing as a career or through education is essential to the post. Some experience of working in one of the public services or the fitness industry would be beneficial to this post. "	"Halesowen, West Midlands, UK"	"Education"	NA	"21.49 Hourly - 24.95 Hourly GBP"	"HALESOWEN COLLEGE"	"HALESOWEN COLLEGE"	"JS4513_68236/584476056"	"01/12/2018 09:02:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxDj"	NA
"Sessional Lecturer - Business"	"21.49 - 24.95 Hourly GBP"	"Halesowen, West Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Sessional Lecturer - Business"	"Halesowen, West Midlands - 21.49 - 24.95 Hourly GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity for an NQT or well qualified and enthusiastic teacher of Business to deliver across the curriculum. The successful applicant will work alongside very supportive colleagues as part of a committed and successful team to further increase the pass rate and motivation of well-behaved, dynamic and enthusiastic students. Applicants are requested to stipulate on their application how many hours a week they would be able to teach. "	"Halesowen, West Midlands, UK"	"Education"	NA	"21.49 - 24.95 Hourly GBP"	"HALESOWEN COLLEGE"	"HALESOWEN COLLEGE"	"JS4513_68192/584476062"	"28/11/2018 11:40:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXX3"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant"	"GBP"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant"	"Guildford, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Learning Support Assistant - Social Care - GuildfordAre you thinking about becoming a Further Education or Secondary Teacher? Have you been considering a mix of subjects?Are you a Psychology graduate looking for a Learning Support Assistant role in a college, working with Autism for September? Do you have ambitions of becoming an Education/Clinical Psychologist or Occupational Therapist?I am working with an outstanding Secondary school that is 16-24 and looking for a Learning Support Assistant role. This Learning Support Assistant role is to begin in September 2018, for the academic year to July 2019. The school is outstanding and has an amazing infrastructure that makes it very good establishment in which to start your career in Education.To apply for this Learning Support Assistant role in Guildford, call on and upload your CV today!Learning Support Assistant - a great role to break into the Education sector*Ideal Learning environment if you want to learn about Autism*ASD experience, personal or within a school setting. Helping friends and family, this personal experience as a Learning Support Assistant is invaluable*A passion to work with Autistic pupils and raise attainment and the quality of their school day as high as you possible can*£70 per day for SEN Teaching Assistant role, Monday to Friday*Full and part time 3-5 days*Easy part of Guildford to get to if you drive or on the train*If you are passionate about Education, this Learning support role will give you 1:1 time with autistic pupils, pupils with Global Development Delay and a range of SEN*Working with 6 or 7 pupils a week, real diversity within the role. *Covering a range of subjects, Travel and Tourism to English, MAths GSCE to Catering!*Education and Training provided*Working with an outstanding SENCo and set of teachers that you will learn a great deal from for your future career*Working with likeminded Psychology Graduates and prospective graduates who have similar*Some Social, Emotional and Mental health elements to the role, some of the pupils is very gifted and talented*Ensuring the pupil's attainment is raised as high as it can be while maintaining*3 days of induction before starting the role with the SENCo and the SLTThe school, Guildford-Large college in Guildford with fantastic facilities for Autism and Special Educational Needs-Sensory rooms encouraging Art and Music Therapy, excellent CPD and Education and Training provided-Plenty of likeminded Graduates who will have aspirations-Large outdoor grounds with state of the art facilities-I have worked with the College for 5 years and many of the Psychology Graduates have prospered in the Learning Support Assistant role and gone on to a MSc and Research projects with the school's help-Outstanding crop of teachers to work with, learn from them to manage behaviour techniques-Exceptional for Education and Training in Guildford-Plenty of parking and very easy to get to on Public transport "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS5118EA16/590483791"	"01/12/2018 09:07:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxL9"	"Graduate"
"Cover Supervisor Teaching/Child Support - Full-time"	"5k - 15238.00 Annual - 16,761 GBP"	"Sturry, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Cover Supervisor Teaching/Child Support - Full-time"	"Sturry, Kent - 5k - 15238.00 Annual - 16,761 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Pay: Academy Band 5 - £15,238 - £16,761 Start Date: Dec 2018 We seek to recruit a Cover Supervisor to supervise whole classes in the absence of a teacher, responding to questions, assisting pupils to undertake set activities and managing the behaviour of those pupils. The role will also include other duties inside and outside of the classroom where appropriate The position is Term Time Only and is for 37 hours per week Core responsibilities will involve: To supervise whole classes during the short-term absence of the teacher. The main focus of such cover will be to respond to questions, assist pupils to undertake set activities and stay on task and manage the behaviour Working under the guidance of teachers and/or members of the school Leadership team and within an agreed system of supervision. To support individuals and groups of pupils to enable access to learning. This could include those requiring detailed and specialist knowledge in particular areas Building and maintaining successful relationships with students, whilst treating them with respect and consideration Helping to promote independent learning About You Applicants will have successful previous experience of working with young people. A strong desire and a genuine commitment to improving young people's educational experience are essential and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of young people. You will be educated to at least GCSE level (or equivalent) in literacy and numeracy and be willing to undertake any necessary training or qualifications relevant to the position. Spires Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of our young people and expects all our staff to share this commitment. Successful applicants will need to undertake an Enhanced DBS check and any offers of employment will be subject to satisfactory references. Closing Date: 05/12/2018 at 09:00 Interviews: TBC Information about the school At Spires Academy we offer a distinctive small school environment where each individual is well known, listened to and encouraged to be the best they can be. Currently serving just 600 students enables us to maintain an inclusive and nurturing community atmosphere, where staff work with students to develop the skills, confidence and knowledge needed to reach their full potential. This is an incredibly exciting time for Spires Academy, we are an expanding school with more students than ever before making Spires Academy their school of choice. We also have a new Science and Technology Building which opened in January 2018 which has enabled us to offer a broader curriculum whilst still maintaining our distinctive small school ethos. Spires Academy is a part of the E21C Academy Trust Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Disclosure and Barring Service. KTJ1 "	"Sturry, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"5k - 15238.00 Annual - 16,761 GBP"	"SPIRES ACADEMY"	"SPIRES ACADEMY"	"JS3573_6816113/587633768"	"02/12/2018 11:07:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaO"	NA
"SUPPLY TEACHING - GUARANTEED PAY AND FREE CPD"	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SUPPLY TEACHING - GUARANTEED PAY AND FREE CPD"	"London - 130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Daily Supply Teachers Daily and Long-Term Primary KS1/2 Supply Teachers are required for work between 1-5 days ASAP, regular work available until end of July 2019. Empowering Learning is a Teacher training and placement consultancy based in London currently looking for teachers to work in our schools across North West London. Are you a qualified primary teacher looking to work between 1-5 days per week and would like the flexibility to choose the days you want to work? Empowering Learning are working closely with various schools that require fully qualified teachers to support their day to day and short-term needs covering sickness, schools trips, PPA time etc. By working with the Empowering Learning team you will have: - Guaranteed pay- Free CPD- Regular opportunities to work in a variety of schools in North West London. Our priority is to offer you regular work within a 60 minutes commute. However, on average our teachers' journeys are less than 30 minutes. - A dedicated consultant who attends to all business needs- Advance bookings keeping you pre-booked for short term and daily cover- Optional trial days and opportunities to find permanent work To be successful in your application you must possess the following: QTS or equivalentUp to date knowledge of the National CurriculumPrevious experience of working in a mainstream schoolStrong communication skills and behaviour management skillsA passion for education and working with childrenNQTs are welcome to applyIf you meet the criteria above, register now with your up to date CV and I will be in touch with a follow up call ASAP so please Apply now.Top of Form Thank you. Jack Evagora Empowering Learning is a teacher training and placement consultancy who specialise in the training and placement of both overseas and UK trained teachers. We have ex Ofsted Inspectors, QTS Specialists and ex Leadership Teachers working in the office to support all our staff throughout their journey. We are also in partnership with Sunderland University who provide support and guidance before granting successful trainees with QTS. In addition to the above we also supply day to day, short term and long-term cover as well as permanent staffing and are currently working with multiple primary schools across London recruiting for day/day and long-term supply teachers.  Empowering Learning Ltd is a committed Equal Opportunities Employer and therefore will not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, ethnicity, disability or sexual orientation. Please note that successful applicants will be asked to apply for an enhanced DBS check via the Disclosure and Barring Service  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36736358/591561092"	"02/12/2018 09:04:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDu8"	NA
"NQT Opportunity"	"GBP"	"Wandsworth, London"	"Permanent"	"NQT Opportunity"	"Wandsworth, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description NQT OpportunityWe are working with a successful primary school in Wandsworth that is looking to appoint a talented newly qualified teacher to join the school's strong and committed team from January 2019. Interested candidates in this NQT Opportunity will be:. Motivational. Positive. Inspiring. Visionary. AmbitiousIn return, this primary school can offer you:. An excellent and unrivalled NQT opportunity and CPD package. Continuing CPD beyond your NQT year . The possibility of a paid induction programme following the completion of your studies in July 2019. Inquisitive, enthusiastic and well behaved children who are eager to learn. Genuine opportunities for career progression. An extremely friendly and supportive staff team. The opportunity to make a significant difference in many aspects of the wider school lifeFor further information about this NQT opportunity, please contact REESON Education on and one of our excellent consultants will be able to assist you.About REESON:REESON Education is London's premier teaching recruitment agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists we have built our business and reputation on our core values of honesty, integrity, and excellence. "	"Wandsworth, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSF3FEE472/590808386"	"01/12/2018 09:04:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxIE"	NA
"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"GBP"	"New Milton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"New Milton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are working closely with a SEMH Provision in the New Milton area in order to provide a committed and enthusiastic Teacher of Science for a permanent role, starting in January 2019.The SchoolThe school is a 7-16 Academy which provides a safe and supportive environment for young people aged between 7 and 16 who are trying to overcome their emotional and medical barriers to learning. Sometimes, these barriers generate behavioural challenges that also result in them struggling to succeed in a mainstream school.The TeacherThe school require a Fully Qualified Teacher, specialising in Science, ideally they will have some Alternative Provision/Special School experience and have experience in running their own department. Due to the nature of the role, the Teacher will excellent behavioural management skills and/or experience.The RoleTo be accountable for leading, managing and developing Science within the school;To be accountable for student progress so that each individual student achieves their optimum level across all science disciplines and ensuring that effective strategies are in place to further raise standards of student attainment and achievement;To ensure the provision of an appropriately broad, balanced, relevant and differentiated curriculum for students studying within the department, in accordance with the aims of the school and the curricular policies determined by the Governing Body and the Headteacher;To ensure the effective management and deployment of teaching/support staff, financial and physical resources within the department;To ensure the development and enhancement of the teaching practice of others;To ensure that Health and Safety procedures are adhered to at all times by all members of the department;To play a full part in the life of the school community, to support its distinctive vision and ethos and to encourage and ensure staff and students follow this example.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"New Milton, Hampshire, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS59E4E8A8/582371618"	"29/11/2018 13:43:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjBq"	NA
"Head of Computing and Business Studies - Redhill"	"18k - 39725.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Redhill, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Head of Computing and Business Studies - Redhill"	"Redhill, Surrey - 18k - 39725.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Details You will earn £24,018 to £39,725 for working a full time position based at The Warwick School, Noke Drive, Redhill, Surrey RH1 4AD. TLR2L £2,667. About the Role Due to a curriculum restructure an exciting opportunity has arisen for a skilled, enthusiastic and ambitious teacher to lead our dynamic and committed Computing and Business Studies Department from September 2018. The successful candidate will work within this supportive environment to contribute to the success of our students and the development of the curriculum area up to Key stage 4. The Warwick School is a vibrant 11 to 16 school, serving the Redhill area; judged by Ofsted to be 'Good' with Outstanding Behaviour and Safeguarding. The school is a member of the South East Surrey Schools Education Trust which is a partnership of The Ashcombe, Therfield and The Warwick Schools; each being successful, inclusive schools committed to work in collaboration for the benefit of their distinctive communities and those children and young people whom they serve. The school offers outstanding continuing professional development for its staff and the Trust will offer a range of opportunities for the right candidate to develop their practice and demonstrate their potential for promotion. The Warwick School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. We will ensure that all our recruitment and selection practices reflect this commitment. All successful candidates will be subject to Disclosure and Barring checks along with other relevant employment checks. Additional Information Please note that this vacancy is not part of Surrey County Council, we are advertising this on behalf of a partnership organisation. "	"Redhill, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"18k - 39725.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Surrey County Council"	"Surrey County Council"	"JS3561_36709681/589413948"	"02/12/2018 09:29:06"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlD9S"	NA
"CURRICULUM LEADER FOR BUSINESS STUDIES"	"GBP"	"Haywards Heath, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"CURRICULUM LEADER FOR BUSINESS STUDIES"	"Haywards Heath, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Curriculum Leader for Business Studies - Full Time, Permanent TLR2c  Required for Easter or September 2019, Pay scale: £23,718-£40,738 WP1-9 (Teachers Main Payscale equivalent), plus £6,645 TLR2c. Applications from NQT's are welcome. Warden Park Academy Trustees are seeking an innovative and enthusiastic teacher of Business Studies to join our team in January 2019. The successful candidate will join a strong department who are well resourced and have a focus on staff development and training.  The successful candidate will: be an enthusiastic practitioner of Business Studies; have outstanding interpersonal skills; be relentless in their commitment to the success of all those that they teach; be a team player who thrives on working collaboratively with colleagues. Warden Park is at an exciting phase of development to become 'World Class'. We are known for our innovative approach and we value CPD very highly. If you are looking for a role that will challenge and test your skillset and you would like to be considered for this post, please download an application pack, see below (also available on our school's website ). Please email your completed application form and covering letter to as soon as possible. If you have any questions, please contact Shirley Batchelor, by email ( ) or telephone .  Warden Park Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and to the equality of opportunity and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All applicants will be subject to a full Disclosure and Barring Service check before appointment is confirmed  along with other relevant employment checks.   Please note: We advise applying promptly for this post as we reserve the right to close and interview early if sufficient suitable applications have been received.  Closing Date: 10.00am Friday 7 th December 2018  Interview Date: As soon as possible Warden Park Academy, Broad Street, Cuckfield, West Sussex RH17 5DP Headteacher: Dom Kenrick Telephone: Fax:  Email  "	"Haywards Heath, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Warden Park Academy"	"Warden Park Academy"	"JS5225_347813/590804907"	"01/12/2018 07:02:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkvZT"	NA
"English, Maths & Science Grad Teaching Assistant - North London"	"£60-£80/Day"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"English, Maths & Science Grad Teaching Assistant - North London"	"Islington, London - £60-£80/Day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a recent, 2017 or 2018 university graduate with a degree in English, Maths or Science?Do you enjoy educating others and are you looking for experience as to what to expect as a teacher?Graduate teaching assistant wanted2:1 degree certificate or higher requiredKey Stage 3/4/5 Teaching AssistantNorth West LondonMust be considering a teaching career in Secondary TeachingAble to commit to the entire academic year minimum (September > July)£60 to £80 per school dayWe require an academic and personable English, Science and Maths Graduate Teaching Assistant to join 'Good to Outstanding' Secondary schools based across North London.What is a teaching assistant's role in the classroom?As an English, Science, Maths graduate teaching assistant you will be required to provide 1:1 and group support to Year 7 to Year 13 students and also provide small group intervention groups. You will also lead revision sessions for students in the run up to GCSE and A-Level exams. Moreover you will be provided with keen support and direction from the teachers and Head of Department.This English, Maths and Science Graduate Teaching Assistant role is ideal for aspiring Teachers and you will be entitled to Schools Direct training the following year should you excel in the role. This is a great alternative to the PGCE as it's free of charge and the school will support you with the training to become a qualified teacher.What type of teaching assistant are schools looking for?As an English, Science and Maths Graduate Teaching Assistant, you must be a recent university graduate with a 2:1 or higher degree. The Head Teachers are keen to recruit a number of confident, articulate and personable Graduate Teaching Assistants who are available from September. You must enjoy working with secondary school students and be available for the entire academic year. You will be paid from £60 to £80 per day depending on experience.If you are interested in this role then please send your updated CV ASAP for immediate short listing! "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£60-£80/Day"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSFC4FA324/566925755"	"29/11/2018 13:42:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjBC"	"Graduate"
"Supply Primary School Teachers required in West Berkshire"	"£110 per day GBP"	"Newbury, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Primary School Teachers required in West Berkshire"	"Newbury, Berkshire - £110 per day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description We are in search of Supply Teachers in the Newbury/Thatcham area to maintain our increasing need for cover in local primary schools on a day-to-day basis. This position is ideal for someone who is looking for flexible yet regular work.As a Supply Teacher we would prefer that you have a UK QTS or the overseas equivalent and are confident with working in EYFS, KS1 or KS2.The ideal Supply Teacher applicant will:Be able to work from 1-5 days per week (flexible)Have a clear knowledge and understanding of National Curriculum across all of the Primary sectorAre committed, professional and are good communicators with excellent interpersonal skillsWillingness to take on a challenge teaching new students and enhancing their learning experienceBe approachable, engaging and encouraging to strengthen relationships with staff and studentsEnsuring all safety regulations are adhered toIn return you will receive a competitive pay package starting from £110 per day (depending on experience). We have a dedicated consultant who deals with the area so you are guaranteed a bespoke service when you register with us.If you do not have the qualifications above but have experience working with children in another capacity for example:- youth work, nursery nurse, mentoring and support work then please do apply as we have a number of other positions as a Teaching Assistant.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE English & Maths (A-C) or equivalent.  All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Newbury, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£110 per day GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS2B0A3876/589183653"	"28/11/2018 11:42:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXbL"	NA
"Supply Teachers Stockport"	"GBP"	"Stockport, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Teachers Stockport"	"Stockport, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Supply teachers needed for Stockport secondary schools for immediate short term and medium term cover. Due to schools ongoing staff sickness, course cover and internal training we are receiving a high volume of requests for supply teachers in the borough of Stockport and throughout Greater Manchester.The role of a short term supply teacher is varied providing you with the opportunity to work in a number of schools covering the permanent member of staff's timetable delivering set work making sure students remain on task and complete set work. If you are looking for a varied workload, to continue your passion for teaching without the added pressure of planning and marking you would be well suited to supply teaching.Teaching Personnel currently provide support to a number of secondary schools throughout Stockport so if you live in the area and are looking to teach we welcome your application.Highlights of working as a supply teacher;*Competitive rates of pay*Wide range of secondary schools to work in*Flexible work schedule with reduced responsibilities*Paid weekly through our Pay As You Earn scheme*Access to a number of CPD training and development coursesTo be eligible for the role of a supply teacher you will need to have qualified teacher status in the UK, suitable references, ideally experience of teaching in a UK secondary school and be bale to apply for a fully enhanced DBS certificate.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Stockport, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1745A1E1/588872099"	"28/11/2018 11:42:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXaV"	NA
"SEN Teaching Assistant - South East London"	""	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SEN Teaching Assistant - South East London"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"We are looking for an experienced SEN Teaching Assistant for a short-term role to work in an outstanding primary school located in Southwark. You will be assisting the class teacher by helping the identified student(s) to learn as effectively as possible, both independently and in group situations. The role: Are you looking for an opportunity to develop professionally in a primary school setting? Do you have previous experience in a primary school setting? Do you want to be part of a supportive, respected staff? As a Teaching Assistant you will be part of the school team. You will be supporting the class teacher by helping the identified student(s) to learn as effectively as possible, both independently and in group situations. You will be encouraging independent learning as well as organizing creative and educational activities. This is a short term role for the academic year. The ideal candidate: The ideal candidate for this role will: Have prior, recent experience of working with children in an educational context. Have a sense of creativity and be eager to get stuck in, working with the children and teachers on projects and extracurricular activities.Be full of energy and enthusiasm.Demonstrate what additional and different learning techniques you have to help close the gap between lower and higher level ability pupils.Be willing to commit to a 5 day a week role.An approachable, calm and professional manner.Have positive behavior management skills. Adaptability and flexibility in working practices and the ability to know when to use initiative.Have a strong academic background with strong literacy and numeracy skills.Set high expectations in line with the school's standards.Have positive working relationships with children, staff and parents.Will be available to start immediately.The school: The school in question is located within the London borough of Southwark.Is led by a very experienced, well- respected Head Teacher.Is looking to continue to develop the team and school to create an even greater learning environment for all of the children through innovative teaching and learning.Offers great professional development opportunities for its staff.Is very well-resourced.The children are well behaved and love schoolFriendly, dedicated and passionate staff that are valued by the school and parents."	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36701425/589176503"	"28/11/2018 07:45:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVrp"	NA
"SEN Teaching Assistant Needed across East London"	""	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SEN Teaching Assistant Needed across East London"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"We are looking for an experienced Teaching Assistant for a long-term role to work in our outstanding primary schools located across East London. You will be assisting the class teacher by helping the identified student(s) to learn as effectively as possible, both independently and in group situations. The role: Are you looking for an opportunity to develop professionally in a primary school setting? Do you have previous experience in a primary school setting? Do you want to be part of a supportive, respected staff? As a Teaching Assistant you will be part of the school team. You will be supporting the class teacher by helping the identified student(s) to learn as effectively as possible, both independently and in group situations. You will be encouraging independent learning as well as organizing creative and educational activities. This is a long- term role for the academic year. The ideal candidate: The ideal candidate for this role will: Have prior, recent experience of working with children in an educational context. Have a sense of creativity and be eager to get stuck in, working with the children and teachers on projects and extracurricular activities.Be full of energy and enthusiasm.Demonstrate what additional and different learning techniques you have to help close the gap between lower and higher level ability pupils.Be willing to commit to a 5 day a week role.An approachable, calm and professional manner.Have positive behavior management skills. Adaptability and flexibility in working practices and the ability to know when to use initiative.Have a strong academic background with strong literacy and numeracy skills.Set high expectations in line with the school's standards.Have positive working relationships with children, staff and parents.Will be available to start immediately.The school: The school in question is located within the London borough of Tower Hamlet.Is led by a very experienced, well- respected Head Teacher.Is looking to continue to develop the team and school to create an even greater learning environment for all of the children through innovative teaching and learning.Offers great professional development opportunities for its staff.Is very well-resourced.The children are well behaved and love schoolFriendly, dedicated and passionate staff that are valued by the school and parents."	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36469501/589182171"	"28/11/2018 07:45:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVrl"	NA
"English and Media Graduates"	"GBP"	"Liverpool, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Graduates"	"Liverpool, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description .*English and Media graduates required .*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent job .*Excellent CPD opportunities with Teaching Personnel Teaching Personnel are working in partnership with a number of Secondary schools in Liverpool who seek to hire graduate teaching assistants for their support team on a full and part time basis. The post of Graduate teaching assistant will involve working with children who are under achieving and lacking confidence and additionally present challenging behaviours. At this time of year there is also a high demand for day to day teaching assistants so if you are available 3 days or more per week between 8.30-3.30pm, please get in touch.Applications are welcome from Graduates of all backgrounds, previous experience as working with children or vulnerable adults is desirable, if you are in the process of applying for teacher training or have a place secured for 2018/19 this opportunity to work as a graduate teaching assistant would be ideal preparation for you.*Full time temporary position employed via Teaching Personnel*Graduate teaching assistant position - L11 area*Great preparation for aspiring teachers*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent jobTeaching Personnel work with over 3000 schools nationwide; if you are looking to quickly secure work in a school and want to be considered for this position please apply straight away: Want to enquire? Email and please make sure you include a small cover letter telling us why you feel you would be right to work in these environments. The more information you give us the more we tell our schools about you! WE ARE HERE TO HELP and we want to help you succeed in a position that's right for you!Not the role for you? Call today and find out if there are any other roles which may interest you. We have a primary, secondary and SEN branch within the Liverpool office. Call today.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Liverpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS5F740050/582753975"	"02/12/2018 13:15:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE75"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistant"	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teaching Assistant"	"Southwark, London - 12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Currently looking for a male Teaching Assistant who has some experience in managing behavioural difficulties.  This casual contract role is responsible for supporting the delivery of education to an individual student(s) using creative approaches to help them reach their academic potential. The students are referred to us for a variety of reasons which mean they are not able to access mainstream education. Reasons for this include students with SEN, medical needs or those that have been permanently excluded. This role will be working alongside a teacher who is responsible for planning and leading the lesson. Some assignments will have an end date but most will be for an indeterminate amount of time. This role can be based on or offsite or a mixture of the two. If you require further information, please do get in touch on: call:  "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6809422/572988509"	"02/12/2018 13:12:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE5P"	NA
"SEN LSA"	"GBP"	"Cardiff"	"Permanent"	"SEN LSA"	"Cardiff - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description SEN LSACardiff Primary School Full-Time Long Term Position £60 per day  Academics are currently working with a large primary school in the west of Cardiff. The SEN LSA position is for an immediate start, the school are looking for an outstanding SEN LSA to join them on a long term, full time basis working 5 days per week. The position is to work with a year 5 pupil that needs extra support to help achieve the full learning potential. The SEN LSA must have good behaviour management strategies to overcome any challenging behaviour. The Role: * Full time SEN LSA role, providing support for the class teacher and working with a year 5 pupil on a one to one basis. * Working with pupils in KS2 mainly based 1-1. Job satisfaction is huge in this role and those who have experience working within SEN will realise how enjoyable this role is. What you will need for this SEN LSA role: * Experience in working with children with Special Educational Needs (SEN) * A calm and tranquil personality * A passion for working with pupils who require additional needs. Classroom experience within the last yearAs part of the Cardiff Academics Supply Team you will benefit from: . The support of a dedicated Primary consultant * Plenty of opportunities for long term contracts as well as an option of shorter and periodic work * Great rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme* Excellent opportunities for CPD training (Team Teach/Read, Write Inc/Apple training and Big Maths)To Apply or for more information please contact the Academics team on or email  "	"Cardiff, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSF4D758D2/591392873"	"02/12/2018 11:12:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeW"	NA
"Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"20136.00 - 22956.00 Annual ) depending on experience GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"Enfield, Middlesex - 20136.00 - 22956.00 Annual ) depending on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Graduate Teaching Assistant (Secondary Phase)  Ark John Keats Academy Unique opportunity to join an outstanding new school in north London.  Ark John Keats Academy is a growing school currently in the process of setting up a brand new Sixth Form due to open in September 2019. Therefore, we are looking to recruit excellent staff to join our expanding team and be part of the exciting next phase of our development.  We are an all-through school in the London Borough of Enfield. We have excellent transport links to enable easy access from central London and London fringe areas. The academy will reach full capacity in 2020 with just under two thousand pupils. The academy was judged outstanding in all areas in our Ofsted inspection of April 2015. The academy is expanding rapidly and we are seeking enthusiastic Graduate Teaching Assistants. The posts are particularly well-suited to someone considering a career in teaching, and the academy will support this through the Ark network's teacher training scheme. We particularly welcome applications from English, Humanities, Maths or Science graduates. The posts involve one-to-one and small group teaching across a range of areas - reading, writing, maths, English language development and emotional development. There will be extensive training and staff will be deployed according to their skills and interests. This is a wonderful opportunity to play a key role in enabling pupils in disadvantaged areas to access the highest quality education and to develop one's teaching skills.  Ideal candidates will: have at least two Bs at A Level be willing to actively participate in the school's enrichment activities and wider community be committed to Ark John Keats Academy's ethos of high expectations and no excuses be committed to the academy's vision of breaking the mould by providing pupils from relatively disadvantaged backgrounds with a type and standard of education previously the preserve of the best fee-paying schools In this role, you will: have the opportunity to join a team of teachers at the peak of their profession be part of the Ark network, with school-based and network-wide CPD and international school visits To apply please click here . Please submit your application by 8am on 10 th December 2018. For further information, a confidential discussion about this role please contact Natasha Socrates via email or for any technical queries/questions about completing the application itself, please contact Mitra Samsami (Operations Manager) via email. Start Date: As soon as possibleClosing date: 8am on 10 th December 2018Salary: Ark Band 5 (£20,136- £22,956) depending on experienceHours: 8am - 5:30pm Mon, Tues, Thurs & Fri, 8am - 5pm on WednesdaysWorking Pattern: Term Time Only (39 weeks per year)  We value diversity and are committed to safeguarding and promoting child welfare. The successful candidate will be subject to DBS and any other relevant employment checks.  "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"20136.00 - 22956.00 Annual ) depending on experience GBP"	"ARK SCHOOLS"	"ARK SCHOOLS"	"JS3573_6816153/587812114"	"02/12/2018 11:12:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeE"	"Graduate"
"Learning Support Assistant Roles at South Glos. Special School"	"GBP"	"Thornbury, Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant Roles at South Glos. Special School"	"Thornbury, Gloucestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are seeking enthusiastic and committed Learning Support Assistant to work at a residential school for children. As a Learning Support Assistant, you will be working with residents aged 6 to 19 who have a range of learning difficulties which include challenging behaviour and attachment disorders. The school is under an hour from Bristol, Stroud, Newport, Badminton and North Somerset, making it ideal for candidates from a variety of areas. Responsibilities include: * Assisting the class teacher in delivering pupil's education. This includes contributing to planning, preparation of differentiated resources and individual instruction. This will also include recording of learning and assessment * Accompanying a pupil or pupils to events, activities, gatherings and festivals both on and off-site. * Behaving in such a way as to set an example to the pupils of mature and appropriate behaviour, which is representative of the School's ethos and standards. * Maintaining safe practice and report any concerns to the person in charge. * Supporting the ethos and philosophy of the school. * Learning and partaking in verses and songs in Class, Assembly and at Festivals Support pupils during class-activities, in workshops and at break time * Participating in pupil progress recording and daily record sheets. * You must be flexible with your communication methods as the individual needs of the children vary. Some of the communication methods include PECS, Signalong and communication books. * Many of our pupils have complex sensory needs and the LSA must work with the Teacher, Occupational Therapist, Speech and Language Therapist and other professionals to be aware of sensory and communication needs and to intervene where the pupils is not able to self-manage this for themselves. * You are expected to attend planning and review meetings, during which you will advocate for the best possible learning opportunities for your pupils, including ensuring they are challenged sufficiently to ensure academic progression and progress towards intended learning outcomes as defined in the Education Health and Care Plans. * Performing any other tasks within reason, which from time to time may be necessary to fulfil the needs of the job and further the objectives of the school. * Showing an interest in Festivals and events held at the school. About you We are looking for experienced candidates who will help to enrich the lives of the pupils at this school and those who can provide appropriate academic challenges, working with the students to achieve academically and provide pastoral support Essential Criteria include * Maths and English qualifications at Level 2 or above (GCSE Grade c or above) * Ability to innovate in learning experiences. * Outstanding communication skills * Be prepared to advocate for the Pupils right to outstanding educational experiences. * Understand the Education, Health and Care plans and how they apply to the learning and development of each pupil. * Experience with learning disabled children or young adults * Interest in and empathy with children or young adults with learning disabilities * Good IT skills * Patience and sense of humour * Open to offering guidance and support for personal care Desirable Criteria include * Experience in a residential school setting * Rudolf Steiner/Curative Education experience * NVQ class assistant qualifications * Clean UK driving licence * Experience using alternative communication, eg Signalong, PECS * Midas training About the School This residential Steiner School in Thornbury is wonderful setting for children with learning difficulties aged 6 to 19. They have several residential houses on site, a school building, indoor and outdoor craft workshops and a swimming pool. Adjacent is their farm, which provides organic produce for the community. Pay £15,621 - £16,698 per annum Closing Date: 06/12/2018 Working Hours: 40 hours a week, 8:30am - 5pm, Mon- Fri Holidays: 6.6 weeks holiday (includes Bank holidays) Relocating? Affordable onsite accommodation is available if required with temporary accommodation available to candidates who are relocating. About Monarch Education We're Monarch Education - a UK-wide education recruitment agency placing teachers and education professionals in short-term, long-term and permanent roles. Personal and professional, our service begins and ends with people - from the consultants we hire, to the teachers we place, and the close relationships we build with our clients. We're taking the South West by storm and quickly becoming one of the UK's leading education recruitment specialists. We believe that's all down to our brilliant people who make up our supportive, knowledgeable and down to earth team. Applying for the role: Please submit your CV to or you can call the office on and speak to Claire or Natalie for more information. "	"Thornbury, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS64862F5A/592626231"	"02/12/2018 11:11:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEds"	NA
"Event Linked Teaching and Learning Assistant"	"13278.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Event Linked Teaching and Learning Assistant"	"London - 13278.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"To work with two pupils with SEN in KS2 £13,278 per annum 27.5 hours per week (8.30-2.30) Term time only (39 weeks) We are seeking a Learning Support Assistant to join our happy, thriving and successful primary school in Battersea, to provide support for two named pupils. Good levels of literacy and numeracy, experience with SEN, and the ability to communicate effectively with colleagues, parents and SEN professionals is a requirement, as is a passion for and commitment to working with children with special needs. This post would suit an experienced Teaching Assistant or an aspiring teacher and would provide an excellent opportunity to acquire the skills and experience necessary to apply for teacher training. You must be willing to undertake professional development as required. To apply please download an application pack from the Wandsworth Council website which can be found via the 'visit website' button at the top of this page. For any further details please contact the school on telephone number or email below. Completed application should be returned to the school either by email or post. Closing date: 07 December 2018 (at noon) Interviews: 11 December 2018  \"The Federation of Sacred Heart and St Marys Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and requires all staff and volunteers to share and demonstrate this commitment.\" \"The successful candidate will have to meet the requirements of the person specification and will be subject to pre-employment checks including a health check, an enhanced DBS check and satisfactory references.\" CVs are not accepted. THE FEDERATION OF SACRED HEART AND ST MARY'S CATHOLIC PRIMARY SCHOOLS, BATTERSEA SACRED HEART PRIMARY SCHOOL Este Road, Battersea, London, SW11 2TD. Tel no:  Email:  Web site address:  Executive Headteacher: Mr J. Brading Associate Headteacher: Mrs N Byrne "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"13278.00 Annual GBP"	"SACRED HEART PRIMARY SCHOOL"	"SACRED HEART PRIMARY SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6816268/587812151"	"02/12/2018 11:10:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEco"	NA
"Salaried GP, Euston"	"£8,750 - £9,500"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Euston"	"London - £8,750 - £9,500"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upTraining PracticeUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedCQC rated GoodYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £8,750 - £9,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - EustonThe surgery -Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary teamClinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role8 sessions per weekClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £9,500 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported"	"London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£8,750 - £9,500"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSCC0E68DE/592626370"	"02/12/2018 11:06:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZv"	NA
"Salaried GP, Peckham"	"£8,750 - £10,000 GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Peckham"	"Southwark, London - £8,750 - £10,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upTraining PracticeUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedCQC rated GoodYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £8,750 - £10,000 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - PeckhamThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary teamClinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role4 - 8 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits -Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £10,000 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£8,750 - £10,000 GBP"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSF3A69A31/592626251"	"02/12/2018 11:06:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZs"	NA
"Salaried GP, Greenwich"	"£8,750 - £9,500 per session"	"Greenwich, London"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Greenwich"	"Greenwich, London - £8,750 - £9,500 per session"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background -Progressive and forward-thinking set-upTraining PracticeUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedCQC rated GoodYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £8,750 - £9,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - GreenwichThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary teamClinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour roleCirca 6 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £9,500 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported"	"Greenwich, London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£8,750 - £9,500 per session"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JS74F44A03/592626161"	"02/12/2018 11:06:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZq"	NA
"Salaried GP, Harringay"	"£10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leave"	"Harringay, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Harringay"	"Harringay, United Kingdom - £10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leave"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - HarringayThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary team (Nurse Practitioners, Pharmacists, Physician Associates)Clinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role4 - 8 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £9,500 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supportedFor further details, please 'apply' now. You'll then be contacted by one of our specialist consultants, who will provide you with further details about the role. We will not send your details to a surgery without your expressed consent to do so. If you would like to talk, please apply now. We look forward to speaking with you! "	"Harringay, United Kingdom"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leave"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSCE727F61/592626483"	"02/12/2018 11:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEXO"	NA
"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant!Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant!WE NEED VOLUNTEER GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANTS!Do you have an Undergraduate Degree?Do you live within City of Westminster?Do you need to further your experience in a School?Do you have 5 days available?An impressive one-form entry Primary School in the vibrant City of Westminster is seeking Graduates for their Volunteer Programme.Seeking Graduates with a Degree of 2.1 or above they are offering candidates 5 days of volunteer work within their School. This experience will, and can, offer a fantastic insight into the classroom and be a great way for an aspiring teacher to get hands-on experience with students. Ideal for Graduates who will be seeking a long term teaching assistant position, this can be a great way to \"get your foot in the door\" and receive an outstanding reference to assist your application.Being flexible in year groups they are ideally seeking Graduates for their Key Stage 2 classes; Years 3 to 6. You will be able to experience how a School runs day to day and the full responsibilities of a teaching assistant. Only going into the School for 5 days you will gain knowledge and confidence within the space of just one week - which will then help you in securing a long term TA role.To be considered you must have:An Undergraduate Degree - ideally within the last 4 yearsA bright, bubbly and friendly personalityThe drive to become a Teacher or work with children in your future careerOne week, Monday to Friday availabilityIdeally located within City of Westminster, or within commutable distance of the City of WestminsterTo be considered please send your CV to Becki Dedman at Academics. DO NOT MISS THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO BOOST YOUR CV  Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant - find out more about why this could be perfect for you! .education and training, education and training, education and training*  "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBB321344/583700114"	"01/12/2018 11:08:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzyL"	"Graduate"
"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"United Kingdom - 48259.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"The College of North West London is a constituent college of the United Colleges Group (UCG), which was formed by the merger of CNWL with City of Westminster College.  UCG is based at the heart of the education sector in London. With both Colleges within the group having received a Good rating in their most recent Ofsted inspections, and with a combined turnover of c£50m, the Group has both the ambition and strength to create a lasting difference in the local communities it serves, and beyond.  This role will entail teaching generic construction skills and will cover various aspects such as Carpentry, Plumbing, Tiling, Plastering and/or Bricklaying and Electrical Installations so we are looking for a qualified teacher who has a vocational background in one of these areas with the ability to teach in all or a majority of the others at Level 1.   With extensive experience, you should be proud of the skills and the knowledge you have and want to share them with dedicated and hardworking students.   Qualified to NVQ Level 3 you'll be aware of what is required in the subject area and how best to deliver the courses.  Preparing course material and leading practical activities, you'll help our students achieve to the highest possible levels.  Whilst a teaching qualification is preferred, if you don't already have a teaching qualification we can help you get one.  This position offers 40 days paid annual leave per year plus public holidays, Occupational pension plan.Closing Date: 6th January 2019  This College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff to share this commitment. Successful candidates will be required to obtain a satisfactory enhanced criminal record disclosure.  "	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Colleges Group"	"United Colleges Group"	"JS4513_68786/592709329"	"01/12/2018 11:04:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzsR"	NA
"Sport Graduates needed for Teaching Assistant role in Blackburn"	"GBP"	"Blackburn, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Sport Graduates needed for Teaching Assistant role in Blackburn"	"Blackburn, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a successful Sports Graduate or are you graduating in 2018?Are you considering a route into teaching?Get in touch with Teaching Personnel to register for Future Teachers. Teaching Personnel is currently recruiting Sporting Graduates exclusively for a school in the Colne area. The school are looking to appoint Graduates to a Teaching Assistant role with the view to progressing onto their highly successful School Direct placements.As a nationally recognised Teaching School they are looking for forward thinking Sports Graduate looking to develop their career in education. The initial placement is a long term TA position working within your specialist subject. Roles include 1:1 and small group behaviour intervention, general class support and some Cover Supervisor work. With a huge range of experience available, the successful candidates will be perfectly equipped to successfully progress into the Initial Teacher Training.The school has an extensive network of partner schools, across East Lancashire, Salford, Bolton, Bury, Rochdale and Manchester areas. With a wide variety of school placements available there is a huge potential for securing your first teaching post upon the completion of your ITT.Paid, experience in a successful Teaching SchoolA direct route onto a highly recommended ITT courseAll Sports related degree subjects to be considered (to be discussed upon application)Induction process available with regular training opportunitiesWith a nearly 20 successful graduates placed this year already, this is an excellent opportunity to develop your experience in schools and gain progression onto your teacher training!All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Blackburn, Lancashire, UK"	"Education, Community"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS16A39056/583700628"	"29/11/2018 15:40:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjOf"	"Graduate"
"Learning Support Assistant - Sutton"	"GBP"	"Sutton, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant - Sutton"	"Sutton, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description SEN Teaching Assistant/Learning Support AssistantEngage Education are currently working with a number of SEN and mainstream schools in the areas of Sutton, Croydon, Wandsworth, Merton and Surrey and require support staff for day-to-day and long term positions.About the roleThis role will enable you to work in a variety of your local SEN and mainstream schools so you can expect short journey times and the opportunity to build rapport and strong working relationships.The role of Teaching Assistant requires candidates to be flexible, patient and confident, you will be the lead adult in the room and responsible for ensuring pupils are following the lead of the class teacher, whilst supporting any SEN of the students and assisting each child in the class.This role could be suitable for a graduate with an interest in pursuing a career in teaching or learning support. If you are considering work in this field, or already have experience please get in touch for further information.Ideal CandidateThe ideal candidate will have experience of working with children of special educational needs and more specifically, we are specifically looking for support staff with a particular specialism such as ASD, Speech and Language, PMLD or EBD. Due to the nature of the students a patient, caring and compassionate approach is needed. We are looking for recent graduates who are looking to build their experience working with SEN pupils and more experienced Teaching Assistants and Learning Support Assistants. Qualifications such as NVQ L2/3 in Supporting Teaching and Learning or equivalent are desirable but not essential."	"Sutton, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Engage Education"	"Engage Education"	"JSEDCCA682/588971139"	"29/11/2018 15:40:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkjOV"	"Graduate"
"Work Placed Tutor - Electrical"	"28k"	"Worksop, Nottinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Work Placed Tutor - Electrical"	"Worksop, Nottinghamshire - 28k"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Work Placed Tutor - Electrical x2 Permanent FT and PT availableSalary To £28,000WorksopOur client is a leading training organisation and is looking to recruit x2 Electrical Work Placed Tutors. Job Purpose: This is an opportunity to support and assess Electrical Installation apprentices from some of the UK's best employers. Working as part of the company's Work Based Learning team your key tasks will include the support and assessment of competence based qualifications within Apprenticeship programmes in your selected areas. Most of the role will take place at employer sites across an agreed geographical region.Skills/Experience:The successful candidate will have at least a HNC/D qualification in an Engineering subject and a proven track record of working in their relative industry along with subject matter delivery experience. Possession of a teacher training qualification and the TAQA assessor award would be a distinct advantage. You must be passionate and professional with the ability to bring the subject matter to life while engaging with a wide variety of learners. You will need to be able to build good relationships, manage a caseload of apprentices and communicate effectively with a diverse range of people and organisations.ESSENTIAL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: With regards to Strawberry's GDPR obligations, along with attaching your CV, we also need you to choose the covering letter option and include one of the following two words in the message body:CONSENT (This means you consent to your personal data being stored by Strawberry Recruitment Solutions Ltd in respect to this or any other vacancy Strawberry feel may be suitable)CONSENTVAC (This means you consent to your personal data being stored by Strawberry Recruitment Solutions Ltd in respect to this vacancy ONLY. We will not discuss any other opportunity with you and your details will be deleted from our database following closure of this vacancy). Please note that Mark Gaunt is the Strawberry Data Protection Officer. Your data will be stored until prior notice is given by you for it to be removed. Our Data Protection Policy will be forwarded to you on request. "	"Worksop, Nottinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28k"	"Strawberry Recruitment"	"Strawberry Recruitment"	"JSD5104622/588971082"	"29/11/2018 11:38:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhrP"	NA
"2018/19 Harris Graduate Programme: Primary"	"19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"2018/19 Harris Graduate Programme: Primary"	"London - 19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"If you are a recent graduate who is passionate about helping children achieve their potential, our Graduate Programme is for you. We believe the most effective way to experience all aspects of school life is to be based in a school environment, learning to teach with expert classroom practitioners. Our school-based Primary Teaching Assistant placements (Early Years to Key Stage 2) can be your first step on the journey towards a job as an outstanding educator. We can offer you invaluable classroom experience to help develop your knowledge and skills ahead of initial teacher education. We expect that many of our graduate Teaching Assistants will go on to complete their Initial Teacher Education (ITE) through the Harris School Direct programme. As an employee with the Harris Federation, you will receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (LGPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. We want every child in London to have the best possible education, enabling them to fulfil their potential and decide their own future. We are looking for driven, dedicated people who share our belief that every child has the potential to do well. When people like this work together, anything is achievable. The people you will be working with will support and motivate you in achieving your career ambitions. Our exceptional teachers, staff and leaders come from a wide range of backgrounds, but they all share a passionate commitment to give our students an outstanding education in an inspiring and happy school environment. If you are a recent university graduate (or will graduate in 2018) who is interested to gain initial classroom experience as a Teaching Assistant in the primary phase, we want to hear from you. We are  Working as part of a highly experienced, collaborative and talented team at one of our academies, your role will be to provide support, either as 1:1 tuition, or to small groups of students with varying abilities in Early Years, Key Stage 1 or Key Stage 2. You will be encouraging and supporting individual pupils to reach their full potential, whilst demonstrating a creative and determined attitude that will help motivate students. You will be directly supporting the students with their learning, as well as helping to organise the teaching and learning resources available to students and staff. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading academy group where we will help develop your teaching skills and offer you valuable work experience. For graduates looking to gain Qualified Teacher Status, our graduate programme is a great starting point before exploring initial teacher training where you could earn up to £30,000 for high-priority subjects. Our Harris School Direct Programme offers a PGCE, QTS and 60 Masters credits upon graduation. Apply now to see how you could accelerate your teaching career at one of our exceptional academies. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"Harris Federation"	"Harris Federation"	"JS3573_6814310/582041378"	"29/11/2018 09:37:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkgc0"	"Graduate"
"Learning Support Assistant"	"GBP"	"Salisbury, Wiltshire"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant"	"Salisbury, Wiltshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experience Learning Support Assistant with experience of working with students who have been removed from Mainstream education?We are currently looking for a Learning Support Assistant, on a full time basis from January, to work within on of our Pupil Referral Units on the outskirts of central Salisbury. The school itself is a independently funded senior school for boys & girls who have Emotional and Behavioural Difficulties, with the aim to help students transition back to Mainstream education.We are currently looking for staff who have strong behaviour management skills, excellent one to one experience, the ability to lead/cover small classes in the absence of the Class Teacher and have a genuine interest in seeing students progress and achieve to the highest of their ability.The offers potential for a permanent position, competitive pay rates and career progression within an expanding school.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Salisbury, Wiltshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS280E81CB/582371340"	"29/11/2018 07:43:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkgPh"	NA
"Teaching Assistant Needed ASAP for January Start"	"65-75 per day"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistant Needed ASAP for January Start"	"London - 65-75 per day"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Are you a Teaching Assistant looking for a change within schools? Are you looking for a full time post? * Learning Support/Classroom Support/Teaching Assistant * January start * Lambeth * Earn £65 to £75 per day as a Teaching Assistant * Excellent Primary School * Diverse and multi-cultural * Full time position * Graduates required Highly supportive and excellent Primary School within Lambeth are seeking a Teaching Assistant to join their team.  The support Coordinator expects a high calibre of the Teaching Assistant that want to have a future career in Education. Rated Outstanding on their Ofstead Report the pupils achieve well over the national and LEA averages in the Year 6 SATs. The pupils' personal development and well-being are outstanding. The behaviour is excellent. You will be very well supported as a Teaching Assistant in this London school. The Deputy Head Teacher is looking for a enthusiastic and charismatic TA. Someone who will hit the ground running and engage with the student, helping them to achieve their full potential. For part of the day those pupils who find literacy and numeracy challenging are given targeted and individualised group support from chosen teaching assistants - (Intervention groups). This has worked well over the years and she would want this repeated again next year. It looks great on a CV when applying for teaching courses. A major plus point of this school are its extra- curricular activities/clubs. The After school clubs are outstanding Also, the school have successful football and netball teams. The Deputy really likes those Teaching Assistants that can get involved in the school life.  The School will be trialling immediately for a January start Do not miss out - These positions are extremely sought after. If you are interested in this role, please apply now. Cordant Group is an equal opportunities employer."	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65-75 per day"	"Sugarman Education"	"Sugarman Education"	"JS3561_36707701/589411800"	"28/11/2018 07:23:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVjg"	"Graduate"
"Level 3 Early Years TA"	"65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Level 3 Early Years TA"	"London - 65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Level 3 Early Years TA Kensington and Chelsea Primary School A long standing, reputable and \"Good\" (Ofsted 2017) Primary School in Victoria, Kensington and Chelsea are seeking a Level 3 qualified Teaching Assistant. - Competitive salary - Long term role - Term time only - Brilliant career progression and opportunities - Easily accessible Borough of Kensington and Chelsea - Education and training  - Level 3 Early Years TA Recently being judged as Outstanding by SIAMS this high achieving Primary looks for Teachers and Support Staff that will give 100% to their students learning and development. With an enriched curriculum that offers not just learning but how to apply and use it in daily life and their futures, pupils excel in core subjects such as English and Maths. Being a one form entry School they have dedicated staff and are looking to add to their early years support team. With a strong emphasis being placed on SPAG development the Nursery and Reception classes both aim to excel children and ensure they are engaged in their learning. With previous experience working in early years and a fully completed Level 3 qualification, the perfect candidate will be outgoing and friendly. Having supported, or willing to support, across Nursery and Reception age groups a candidate will want to make a real difference to student's development. With the School wanting children to achieve and go beyond their own expectations they place a great deal of emphasis in building this foundation during their first years of education. Therefore, it is paramount that a Level 3 Early Years TA will be focused, confident and have fantastic curriculum knowledge. The Head Teacher has requested that suitable candidates have a minimum of 6 months experience working in an early years setting previously; this can be in either the state or independent sector. Interviews for this Level 3 Early Years TA role in Kensington and Chelsea will be imminent. Please apply now to be considered! Level 3 Early Years TA - Kensington and Chelsea - Education and Training "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36697695/587903201"	"03/12/2018 13:14:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPHp"	NA
"Graduate teaching assistant - Twickenham £60 - £80 a day"	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"Graduate teaching assistant - Twickenham £60 - £80 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"I have a school looking for graduates to join their future teachers program. They would be expected to work Full time on a long term basis. The school is highly rated by Ofsted, noting it has strong and decisive leadership. They look to develop their own staff and are looking for eager graduates, keen to learn and take on additional responsibility. Although they nurture young teachers, they have high expectations. It is a friendly working environment at this school and they are looking for someone to join their personable and hard-working team. UK Qualified Graduates Details about the role are below: UK qualified graduates in any subjectThere would be no expectation of experience working in schoolsThe school is rated highly by Ofsted gaining an \"outstanding\" ratingFull-time role: 5 days a week, 8:30am - 3:30pmPay ranges from £60-80 a-day depending on experience and qualificationsThere is an option of temporary and permanent rolesA 7 minute walk from Fulwell station in TwickenhamThe Role This role is for graduates aspiring to become fully qualified teachers. The available position would be a fantastic opportunity for any eager maths and science candidate with strong aspirations. The school understand the need for a good work-life balance. The successful candidate would be expected to work hard during working hours, ensuring all work is completed and to the best the of the specific candidates ability. However, the leadership understand the importance of time to recharge and relax, as it makes for healthier and happier teachers. The September start date for this role has interviews for these roles starting next week and continuing throughout the summer. Although the roles do not start till September, this school would like to find suable candidates as soon as possible. If you are interested in this specific role please apply to this ad. Other similar roles are available for candidates who are interested in exciting new roles this September. The incoming teacher would be expected to work 8:30am till 3:30pm, 5 days a week as a Full time role. The school are searching for candidates who are able to engage students and build a rapport. The ideal candidate will encourage the students to become excited by their education and learning. Planning and conducting lessons would be expected, along with marking students work and providing feedback for them to build on. Experience working with SEN, languages or extra-curricular activities would be welcome. The School The school is located near Twickenham and has a focus on high achievement and standards, which is not limited to the students. By having an entire school working towards the same objective and adhering to the ethos and beliefs of the school, the children are immersed and begin to push themselves. Ofsted have rated the school as \"outstanding\" as it has a strong leadership team who ensure their staff have everything the need and help where ever they can. They not only look to strengthen their facilities, but also develop their staff. Any eager graduate would gain a wealth of knowledge and experience for working in a school of such standards. \"All students are very well prepared for their future lives, whatever their chosen paths.\" Location The school is accessible via Fulwell station and is a 7 minute walk. To Apply If you would like to be considered for this opportunity please apply to this ad or send a copy of your CV to Conor Taylor at the South London Secondary Branch- who will then be in touch. If you would like more information please give call the London Bridge North Secondary Branch at Teaching Personnel. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see faqs for details. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. For details of our privacy policy, please see privacy-notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36640742/578782431"	"03/12/2018 13:14:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPHY"	"Graduate"
"Pensions Administrator"	"£16-18k"	"Huntingdon"	"Unspecified"	"Pensions Administrator"	"Huntingdon - £16-18k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Title: Pensions AdministratorLocation: HuntingdonSalary: £16-18kBenefits: As well as providing a supportive and friendly work environment, they also offer the following perks: CIPP Scheme (Certificate Institute of pay roll & pensions),Clear career Pathway with support and funding for professional developmentBUPA cash planGenerous pension schemeGenerous annual leave entitlementNon-contractual annual bonusChildcare vouchersCycle to work schemeFree, regular health and wellbeing assessmentsCharity fundraising eventsCompany socialsOur Client is Based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, and established in 1993, they are a specialist provider of HR and Payroll services. Employing almost 170 people, they are regarded as the most experienced and knowledgeable provider of these services, with c.1,300 education sector customers. Their culture is unique and is based upon its motivated and passionate staff, and as a result, they ensure they put their people first and allow them to flourish and grow. Their performance in the market has been, and continues to be, exceptional, resulting in significant growth year after year. The Company's plan for the future is to continue this growth, increasing our geographical reach and consider expanding the services offered.As a Pensions Administrator your key responsibilities will include:   Process data and edit, revise and produce letters, tables and reports as requested.To provide outstanding support across the organisation assisting colleagues to deliver expert administration in a timely and effective manner whilst maintaining the highest levels of confidentiality and integrity.Responsible for completing pension administration for differing pension authorities to comply with monthly and annual reporting requirements; including notifications of new starters, contractual variations and leaver notifications.Support Payroll colleagues with basic administration for their portfolio of schools.Analyse monthly data reports and update teacher and support records.Scan and file appropriate correspondence as requested.Attend and participate in regular team meetings and training to keep up to date with current policies and procedures and other relevant guidance.As a successful Pensions Administrator, you will have the following skills and experience:  5 Grade 4 to 9 GCSE's including Maths and English or equivalentAbility to establish working relationships and credibilityAbility to prioritise and work well under pressureGood ICT skills including use of Microsoft office, particularly Microsoft Excel and WordAbility to communicate effectively both verbally and in writingAbility to use initiative and work independently where requiredDesirable:  Experience of working in a customer focused environmentPrevious administration experienceAbility to demonstrate sound proofreading and editing skills to create high quality documentation "	"Huntingdon, UK"	"Finance, Office and Admin"	NA	"£16-18k"	"The Talent Group"	"The Talent Group"	"JS3561_36748334/592837776"	"03/12/2018 07:41:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlKSg"	NA
"Maths NQT (September 2019)"	"29664.00 Annual GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths NQT (September 2019)"	"Ealing, London - 29664.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Maths NQT (September 2019) We are looking for an exceptional Maths NQT to join a brilliant Secondary School based within the London Borough of Ealing. An Ofsted outstanding school with a thriving sixth form you will be joining an effective school with great career progression and development opportunities. The ideal Maths NQT will be someone who has a real passion for Mathematics and wants to engage students by providing them with excellent lessons that will inspire and motivate them in the subject. For the right Maths NQT, there may be a requirement to teach A Level however it is not essential. The school offers exceptional opportunities for professional development and you will be joining an incredibly talented team of teachers. Outcomes at both GCSE and A Level in the subject is extremely high and this is due to the passion and enthusiasm that the teachers have for their subject. If you are a Maths NQT and looking for an exciting teaching opportunity within a fantastic Secondary School, then we would like to hear from you. Maths NQT/Mathematics Teacher. September 2019 Start Date. London Borough of Ealing. Permanent Teaching Post. Outstanding School. To apply for this exciting opportunity as a Maths NQT then please send a copy of your CV/Personal Statement today to be considered. "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"29664.00 Annual GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6809132/574329755"	"02/12/2018 13:06:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyB"	NA
"K-12 ESL and Subject Teaching Position in China(Free Accommodation)"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"K-12 ESL and Subject Teaching Position in China(Free Accommodation)"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description About SDE International EducationSDE International Education is contracted by municipal education bureaus across China to hire and manage foreign teachers for schools in the public and private sectors. We look for college graduates who are interested in living, working, and traveling abroad. The most qualified candidates have a sense of adventure and are open to exploring different cultures, languages, and foreign environments as they spend a year overseas in China. As a language instructor working abroad for SDE International Education, you will be fully immersed in Chinese culture, and you will be able to enjoy the cultural diversity that exists in major international cities, such as Shenzhen or Beijing. We provide bilingual caseworkers to help our candidates get settled in China as they arrive. We provide opportunities for our teachers to tutor if they are interested in making additional income. We also arrange Mandarin Chinese courses for interested teachers in order to enhance our teachers' experiences living in China and to contribute to their professional development while they live and work abroad.Website: SDE Blog: Cost of living in China: -of-livingYoutube: Position10-12 months contractMonday to Friday, 8:30am-12:00pm, 2:00pm-4:30pm, maximum of 18 teaching hours per week3-18 years old, 20-25 students per classClassroom fully equipped with computer, projector, board, and microphoneCurriculum and teaching materials providedLocal teacher assistantBenefits10,000 RMB-14,000RMB basic salary plus housing allowance for ESL teaching position.(150%-200% above local average)14,000 RMB-18,000RMB basic salary plus housing allowance for subject teaching position.(200%-300% above local average)5000 RMB once-a-year flight allowance, will be reimbursed in a month upon arrival.TEFL Certificate course reimbursementSummer & Winter vacationWork visa(Z visa) application assistanceEnd of contract performance bonusCommercial insurancePre-arrival webinar training and orientationAirport pickup, bank, phone card, and apartment rental assistance Social and accident insuranceThree nights' free hotel on arrivalOngoing teacher mentoring and assessment (classroom observations, seminar and monthly training sessions)Chinese Lesson(2 hours/week)Part time opportunitiesRequirementsBachelor's Degree in any field120 hour TEFL certificate required (No TEFL? - We will help you get set up with a TEFL)Range of positions available from entry level to experienced teacher positionsNative-English speaking levelHold a passport from the U.S.A., Canada, Australia, U.K., South Africa, New Zealand, or Ireland Company Description SDE International Education (our website: sdeteacher.com) is an education solution provider that was founded in 2004 and is contracted by municipal education bureaus across China to hire and manage foreign teachers for schools in the public and private sectors. While SDE's main office is located in Shenzhen, China, we also have offices in Beijing, Chengdu, Hefei, and Wuhan. In addition to the China offices, we have a U.S. office in Rockville, Maryland. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"SDE International Education"	"SDE International Education"	"JS5E706E39/591931043"	"02/12/2018 11:11:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdV"	"Graduate"
"New Partnerships Manager"	"20k Annual with uncapped commission (OTE 32k) GBP"	"City, Bristol"	"Permanent"	"New Partnerships Manager"	"City, Bristol - 20k Annual with uncapped commission (OTE 32k) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Introduction Maths with Parents is an award-winning social enterprise that supports maths at home. We help parents and children to love learning maths together. Having evidenced that our project improves outcomes across 50 schools we are now growing with the aim of supporting tens of thousands of parents through hundreds of schools across the UK. We are recruiting a New Partnerships Manager to join our rapidly evolving social enterprise. As New Partnerships Manager you will bring new partner schools on board and support our current partners to make the most of our support. You will work to continue our rapid growth, allowing us to maximise our impact with more children, parents and schools. You will be joining our social enterprise at an early stage, so will work closely with the CEO and the Programme Director to develop our online platform to drive real social change. About Maths with Parents  Half of children from the poorest backgrounds do not reach the expected standard in maths at the end of primary school. Half. These children go on to underachieve at GCSE and are more likely to be unemployed as adults. Primary schools have made great steps forward in maths teaching in recent years, so why are the poorest children still underachieving? The answer lies outside the school gates: in low-income households parental engagement occurs less frequently, is less targeted and overall is less effective than in higher income households (Kalil, 2014). Children often tell us how much they enjoy maths at school, but many of these same kids go home and are told \"I've always been rubbish at maths, so you will be too\" by their parents. Maths homework is a miserable chore in too many households, supported by parents who were never taught the new methods that their child learns. Maths with Parents works with primary schools to create a tailored package of support for the parents and children in every class. Every fortnight parents receive updates about what their child is currently learning, a short video in which kids explain how the maths is taught and fun activities to play together about this topic. Most importantly, these activities are fun! You won't find any worksheets or exam questions, just games, stories, dances, puzzles, adventures and more! It is our belief that Maths with Parents can normalize playing fun maths games at home. Parents read with their child, so why is there no maths equivalent? Our programme is changing attitudes to maths and has the potential to reach every household in the country. With our support we are convinced that every child can enjoy and succeed in maths. About the role As New Partnerships Manager you will work closely with the CEO and the Programme Director to drive the growth of Maths with Parents. As the organisation grows, we expect the role to evolve and there will be opportunities for progression. Initially your responsibilities will include: Securing sales meetings with schools and providing in-person demonstrations of the Maths with Parents platform Attending conferences and networking events to generate leads Meeting sales targets and a high resubscription rate Maintaining outstanding relationships with existing partner schools, which includes delivering in-person or remote support to ensure they make the most of the platform. Ensure that our CRM is kept up to date. Feedback from school conversations and provide input on proposed development plans and timelines. Travel - most days you will be out visiting prospective schools or working with partner schools you have previously organised to meet Depending on the needs of the organisation, your role is likely to evolve over time. This role requires someone who is motivated to work in a small team to develop the organisation and drive it forward. We are looking for someone who is willing to be a doer as well as a thinker; to strategise as well as to undertake the nuts and bolts as required. You will have to be as comfortable working with an individual teacher as speaking in front of a room of headteachers. The rewards of joining the organisation at this time are huge. Not only will you experience the fulfilment of enabling a small organisation to grow, but you will have a key role in deciding how the organisation grows. We are ambitious about the difference that we can make to the outcomes achieved by disadvantaged children Your skills  Essential : Exceptional communication skills - charming, compelling and a great listener Confidence selling to different stakeholders - teachers, maths leaders, headteachers and multi-academy trusts Enthusiasm for our vision and values Awareness of the challenges facing disadvantaged communities Desire to work innovatively, creatively and collaboratively A passion for making a difference Valid UK driving licence and access to a car  Desirable : Sales experience Understanding of the education sector Experience working with or in schools Experience working in a start-up organisation For an informal discussion about the role, please contact Tom by or . To apply, please send your CV and a one page covering letter by an email via the button below. "	"City, Bristol, UK"	"Education"	NA	"20k Annual with uncapped commission (OTE 32k) GBP"	"Maths with Parents"	"Maths with Parents"	"JS3573_6814416/583836612"	"02/12/2018 11:03:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEX9"	NA
"Science Technician- High Wycombe"	"GBP"	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"Science Technician- High Wycombe"	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are recruiting for a Secondary school in High Wycombe for a Science Technician role. The school provides quality education for children aged 11 - 16 years old, supporting progress and development towards GCSE examinations. The role will commence in January 2019 and will be offered as a supply contract, potentially transferring to a permanent position in due course.This is a supply contract in the first instance; however the school have confirmed that for the right candidate they will look to make your employment permanent. This position is term time only and will require you to work between 8.30am and 3.30pm. The science department is well resourced, has excellent stock levels and an organised and structured approach to delivering the necessary materials and equipment to the teachers so that they can effectively deliver their lessons. The teaching team you will be working with are dedicated and inclusive and will make you feel very welcome.As the Science Technician you will responsible for:Setting up practicalsOrdering stockCleaning and maintaining equipmentSupporting teachers with practicalsThere may also be the opportunity to mentor some of the pupils if you are interestedThis position would suit an unqualified teacher or a science graduate looking to pursue a teaching careerThe School would be happy to have applications from staff who have held a similar role in another school or laboratory/science/education setting. If you are a Science Technician or have experience in a similar role, please apply with your CV today.Teaching Personnel offers great pay, the chance to join a successful and well organised team, secure employment, an insight into how schools work - perfect if you are thinking of applying for a career in teaching.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS7972BEA4/568261480"	"02/12/2018 07:08:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCWN"	"Graduate"
"Course Tutor, MA Culture, Criticism and Curation"	"38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"St. Martins, Shropshire"	"Permanent"	"Course Tutor, MA Culture, Criticism and Curation"	"St. Martins, Shropshire - 38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a researcher-teacher-practitioner to join the course team of MA Culture, Criticism and Curation. Founded in 2012, MA CCC works intensively with students to develop creative and critical curatorial practices through research, collaboration and innovative forms of exhibition-making. We position curating as a means of developing agency as well as knowledge and skills, for individuals and communities to be able to make genuine contributions to the world, intellectually, socially and economically. As Course Tutor you will contribute to the delivery of academic standards. You will help maintain stimulating and nurturing learning and research environments for students and colleagues alike. You will actively link cultures and methods of research to practice, and practice to research. You will help build the international reputation of the course and enhance professional, academic and research partnerships. In this 1-yr fixed term role, the post-holder will contribute to a strategic priority to develop the course's curriculum in terms of diversity, internationalism and digital technology. Why choose us? University of the Arts London is a vibrant world centre for innovation, drawing together six Colleges with international reputations in art, design, fashion, communication and performing arts. The reputation of Central Saint Martins stems from the creative energy of its staff and students and the stellar achievements of its graduates nationally and internationally. Students and staff are continually alert to fresh challenge; they are curious and restless in developing beyond the expected norms of their subject and discipline.  Your profile Candidates should have a strong record of teaching, research and professional practice in their subject specialism. A postgraduate qualification in curating, history of art and design and/or cultural studies and analysis is essential (PhD desirable). You will have experience as a curator or project manager in the public and/or private sectors; of curriculum development; and you may be an inspired and innovative teacher. In return, University of the Arts London offers generous leave, an attractive pension and a commitment to your continuing personal development and training in an environment that encourages excellence, creativity and diversity. Relocation assistance is available. For further details and to apply please click the \"Visit Website\" button. Closing date: 6 January 2019. At UAL, everyone's identity matters. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive environment for all our diverse students, staff, and the creative and cultural sector partners with whom we engage. We aim to take every opportunity to progress equality and diversity, and celebrate the enrichment this brings to our community. Candidates are advised to submit applications early to avoid disappointment as we reserve the right to close vacancies prior to the advertised closing date. "	"St. Martins, Shropshire, UK"	"Media"	NA	"38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"JS3573_6811688/576324125"	"02/12/2018 07:03:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCPN"	"Graduate"
"Cloud Security Information Assurance Consultants"	"£30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, £50k - £59,999, GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Cloud Security Information Assurance Consultants"	"London - £30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, £50k - £59,999, GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" Do you believe the future of security is cloud? The IBM Cloud Security Competency Team (CloudSec) does. We are a gender neutral, Cloud agnostic team with a varied background of Sciences, Technology, Engineering and the Arts. We believe this mix makes us more creative, improves our work with clients and the outcomes we achieve. We also believe diversity breeds a better culture and we value different attitudes and opinions whilst expecting: Dedication; Support; Trust; Respect; Consideration. Our new team is made up of four domains: Security Strategy; Information Assurance; Security Architecture; DevSecOps. Your part in our team will align to one domain initially, working with the domain lead, and you will get the support to collaborate with other areas to grow your CloudSec expertise across all domains. You will fill one of these roles: Cloud Security Strategy Consultant; Cloud Security Information Assurance Consultant; Cloud Security Architect; DevSecOps Engineer. Are you passionate about keeping current and open to new ideas? To develop knowledge areas, along with the cooperative nature of the team, you are provided access to a CloudSec team portal wich details education for new starters and career development. You will also have access to the global IBM education portal which you are also encouraged to explore as we believe that education and development should not be exclusively security based. Making time to think and explore leads us to develop new ideas and to be better able to help our clients. You will be encouraged to constantly learn and improve by visiting industry events and workshops such as: IPExpo; IN Security; AWS Summit; Google Next; DevSecOps Days; DecSecCon; BSides; CloudSec; Microsoft Ignite; Online Capture the Flag (CTF) events. The CloudSec competency team looks for colleagues who value the opportunity to be educated at events and like to give back by talking to other attendees, guest speaking and hosting breakout sessions; you're a teacher as well as a student. It shows you care.Do you want to be one of us?Technical and non-technical CloudSec roles are available for all levels of education and experience, or career changers. You will work within a band, based on experience, and we have a number of positions available across a range of bands; if you are in a lower band you take part in education and support given by team members at higher bands so that you develop your skills. We'd like you to be in the UK but we are not tied down to any one location - colleagues are based from Newcastle to Devon so we work remotely and rely on online collaboration tools such as: WhatsApp?; WebEx; WebEx Teams; GitHub; Box; Office365; Mural; Text messaging; Old school phone calls. Face to face team meetings take place at least once a quarter between London, Manchester and beyond. Client work is assigned across the UK. The expectation of team members is that they will travel and stay away from home to support clients on site. This can be up to 4 nights away per week but is usually negotiable and tends to be less, with home working making up a lot of your time. Your role will be a mix of consultancy, design and delivery. You might: Consider, understand and document client requirements; Engage with other teams in security and the wider IBM, to put a value proposition to clients and help win new business; Deliver agreed pieces of work either as team lead or as part of a team. On a day to day basis your role in the team could entail anything from the below and more : Giving cloud security maturity assessments against recognized frameworks, write reports which give strategic advice and compile and implement remedial action plans; Putting together security policies and procedures and implement these in the cloud environment; Leading and/or taking part in security audit activities; Drawing up and implementing technical cloud security solutions including integrating cloud components with security enforcing functions; Writing security as code and integrating with DevOps; Researching new cloud native, IBM, partner and 3rd party security software security components and understanding how to integrate into our CloudSec solutions. Your previous roles might include, have been equivalent to or worked closely with any of the below: Information Security; Risk and Compliance; Business Strategy; Product Owner; Software Engineer/Architect; DevOps Engineer/Architect; Infrastructure Engineer/Architect; Security Engineer/Architect. This list indicates the skills we look for in our new joiners; equivalent experience, self education and personal interest is also very valuable to us: Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts or Life Sciences University Degree; Cloud Security Alliance Certification; AWS Certification; Azure Certification; Google Cloud Certification; ISC2 Certification; ISACA Certification; Agile Certification.  Required Technical and Professional Expertise This list indicates the skills we look for in our new joiners; equivalent experience, self education and personal interest is also very valuable to us: Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts or Life Sciences University Degree; Cloud Security Alliance Certification; AWS Certification; Azure Certification; Google Cloud Certification; ISC2 Certification; ISACA Certification; Agile Certification.  Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Information Security; Risk and Compliance; Business Strategy; Product Owner; Software Engineer/Architect; DevOps Engineer/Architect; Infrastructure Engineer/Architect; Security Engineer/Architect.  EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. Preferred Education:Bachelor's DegreeCommissionable:No "	"London, UK"	"Military"	NA	"£30k - £39,999, £40k - £49,999, £50k - £59,999, GBP"	"IBM X-Force"	"IBM X-Force"	"JS3569_5118062/592709123"	"01/12/2018 11:11:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz2h"	NA
"Key Stage 1 NQT in Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 1 NQT in Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit an NQT for a Year 5 class. This is a Full time position starting in January for the rest of the academic year at a Primary School located Birmingham.Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references.If you are interested in this job, please forward your CV to or alternatively give me a call on . I look forward to hearing from you. Monarch Education will pay £200 for any successful referral of Teachers and Teaching Assistants*"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS522B8908/591393096"	"01/12/2018 11:09:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkzzw"	NA
"Autism Support - Blackpool Primary"	"GBP"	"Blackpool, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Autism Support - Blackpool Primary"	"Blackpool, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description 1:1 SEN Support Assistant - Autism Experience required.Are you an Autism experienced Teaching Assistant who is looking to make a difference in a mainstream primary school supporting a child on a 1:1 basis?Can you manage challenging behaviour and ensure progress is made on a daily basis?Are you a Level 3 qualified teaching assistant with prior experience with children who are working well behind expected age related levels?If you have answered YES to all of the above questions then you may be the perfect candidate for the current position I am looking to appoint for.Specification:A Level 3 qualified Teaching Assistant who has the drive and commitment to raising standards in the class room, specifically supporting an individual child who is diagnosed with Autism. You will have to be flexible in supporting a child with challenging behaviour and extreme mood swings. You will have to be experienced in working alongside children who are low functioning; with a special mention on communication skills and ensuring the child is able to access the Curriculum on their level. You will be well supported by the class teacher and the dedicated SENCO in school, you will meet with them regularly to ensure all the needs of the child are met and that you are planning for progression. The SENCO in school works closely with the child's Education Plan and will liaise with the parents, informing them of the child's progress and behaviour.The expected working hours are 0 each day. The role will be 5 days a week!The child will be arriving in school from January 2019 and the SENCO is preparing for him to arrive and making plans for the school meeting his individual needs.The school have asked for the applying candidates to be L3 qualified.They have also asked for candidates who have good experiences working with MAKATON on basic signing as well as visual timetables.The Head teacher is also keen to meet individuals who have at least 12 months experience working in a mainstream or SEN provision. This will be essential as the needs of the child are very complexed. In order to be successful at this role, the candidate will need to be thick skinned and be able to work effectively with challenging behaviour and at times aggressive behaviour.In the last twelve months, Teaching Personnel have supported a good number of client schools with SEN support. There are more children who are being granted Education Plans and funding which allows schools to spend money directly on the support of individual children - meaning.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"Blackpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS63BCD0E5/590130821"	"01/12/2018 09:12:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxU6"	NA
"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"City, Birmingham - 28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" Do you like working in a challenging, but rewarding environment where each day is different and time flies?Would you like to make a difference in the future of a vulnerable adult?Have you ever thought of a career in prison education? HMP Birmingham's education department is looking for an experienced Functional Skills Maths and English Programme/Curriculum Manager to join their Milton Keynes College Offender Learning team to enhance the delivery of our Functional Skills Maths and English courses. As Functional Skills Maths and English Programme Manager you will be dedicated to delivering learning success, through effective leadership within our Maths and English programme. The vacancy would suit a highly motivated Programme/Curriculum Manager that specialises in Functional Skills Maths and English and has a positive can-do approach to education and the success of their students. The ideal candidate will have experience and success in their knowledge of Maths and English and experience managing a team.Main responsibilities for this role: Support teachers to action poor attendance and liaise with the Deputy Manager Data to report on poor attendance. Be aware of courses starting and ending each week and ensure that enrolments and completions are actioned and submitted in a timely manner. Ensure that Exams are scheduled and that resits are planned promptly as and when appropriate. Ensure all schemes of work are in place and match qualification criteria and support staff in the implementation and delivery of the scheme of work. Track teaching hours of all members of staff ensure they are not under or over delivering Ensure all display is relevant, personalised to learners, in date and in line with policy Update the staff board as necessary with daily reminders/regime/issues Track all DD time and ensure that it is used effectively Review the learning environment to ensure that it is clean tidy and free from risk Update the weekly predicted success spreadsheet for the English, maths & ESOL outcomes Regularly feedback to staff to ensure that everyone understands the direction of the department, what the next steps are, and how to improve. Accurately communicate any changes. To meet regularly with the English, maths and ESOL team and hold effective strand meetings.  Programme Manager - Functional Skills Maths and EnglishLocation: HMP Birmingham, B18 4ASHours: 37 hours per week, 52 weeks per yearSalary: £28,940 - £34,327 per annumClosing date: 17th December 2018Interview Date: 19th December 2018£2,000 Uplift available and reduction in normal timetabled teaching hours availableMilton Keynes College Rewards: 35 days annual leave, 3 additional days leave for Christmas to New Year closure and UK Bank Holidays Amazing discounts with NUS card or Blue Light Card, ranging from Eating Out, Shopping and Fashion, Health and Fitness, Music, Technology, Travel and Entertainment Access to an employee wellbeing platform with options to book free activities such as yoga, relaxation, boot camp, personal training and a health and wellbeing news hub Access to Teachers Pension Scheme with generous employer contributions Tax free childcare scheme Access to Continued Professional Development, including professional qualifications and a variety of training courses Save up to 32% off all bikes through our Cycle To Work Scheme 24 hours per day, 365 days per year Employee Assistant Support Programme Plus many more   About HMP Birmingham: Milton Keynes College operates on three sites within HMP Birmingham, East Education, West Education, and Vocational Training workshops, offering education to both mainstream and vulnerable prisoners.  The education department is made up of a 7 person management team, overseeing 4 strand areas, Functional Skills, Vocational Training, Personal and Social Development and Outreach. We offer Functional Skills in both Maths and English, ESOL, IT, Business, Hospitality, Barbering, Sports and Fitness, Employability Skills, Kick Start in Business, Art, Hospitality, Mentoring, Interpersonal Skills, Equality and Diversity, Electrical, Bench Joinery, Plastering, Car Valeting, Waste Management and Industrial Cleaning. We offer courses from Pre Entry right through to Level 2. Education Programmes are developed in partnership with the prison to offer a responsive and relevant curriculum, which includes work experience and work opportunities within the Establishment.  Our vision here at HMP Birmingham is to offer an outstanding education to enable effective and purposeful resettlement for all learners on release.\" \"Using Time, not Doing Time.\"  We want to make a difference to disadvantaged learners, to show that everyone has the potential to achieve and everyone deserves another chance, and the right support at the right time can be the difference in breaking the reoffending cycle.As a successful candidate you will: Have a minimum of level 2 in English & maths with a level 3 in the area of subject specialism. Be a qualified teacher with experience of delivery in the curriculum area. Possess a proven experience of managing a curriculum area. Have the ability to problem solve and find solutions that meet the need of the team and ensure customer satisfaction. Have commercial awareness to protect income streams and identify new opportunities. Possess the ability to analyse data and draw conclusions from information to inform interventions. Possess the ability to produce high-quality reports to senior managers. Have a high level of teaching expertise to ensure support provided to staff is relevant and effective. Have a can-do attitude and a willingness to work collaboratively to support improvement. Have experience of working with Ofsted and improving outcomes of English, maths & ESOL provision (Desirable) Have a good working knowledge of the main Microsoft applications including Excel. Possess experience of working with Awarding Organisations and knowledge of the regulations around examinations and assessment. (Desirable) Understanding the necessary employability skills required in the current UK economy. Evidence of providing high-quality effective programmes leading to outstanding success. Experience in data analysis. Experience in identifying, developing and sharing resources focused on teaching and learning. Experience in working with students who may have little experience of education and training (desirable). The requirement of this role is to work across the whole prison estate, on all wings where education is delivered.  More about the College: Milton Keynes College is proud to be an open and inclusive general Further Education College welcoming learners of all levels and delivering an exceptional educational experience. The College offers a broad range of qualifications with more than 3, - 18-year-old Full time students studying traditional A Levels, vocational courses, apprenticeships and Higher Education. In addition, the College delivers employability and key skills training programmes to 3,000 people in local community learning centres and is one of the largest providers of Offender Learning in England, working with 27 prisons across the East Midlands, South Central and West Midlands. Milton Keynes College is a committed safer recruitment employer. We take extreme care in ensuring the safety and welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. All positions, therefore, undergo a stringent vetting process to include DBS for all positions. "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"milton keynes college"	"milton keynes college"	"JS4513_68084/582523634"	"01/12/2018 09:05:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxIZ"	NA
"Specialist Support Assistant"	"16394.00 - 16755.00 Annual (pro torata) GBP"	"Blackburn, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Specialist Support Assistant"	"Blackburn, Lancashire - 16394.00 - 16755.00 Annual (pro torata) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"The Olive School, Blackburn is a 3-form entry primary school for children aged 4-11 in Blackburn which opened in September 2013. We are seeking a Specialist Support Assistant to join our outstanding team. With some of the best Early Years, Phonics and Key Stage 1 and 2 results in the country and an Ofsted inspection which graded the school outstanding in all measures, The Olive School, Blackburn was successful in applying to become a Teaching School with a strong network of alliance partners. Our pursuit of educational excellence is based upon our unshakeable belief that every pupil is unique and special and has the capacity within themselves to succeed. There are excellent professional development opportunities for the right candidate and they will be given the opportunity to advance quickly in their career, should they so wish. You will:  Have a strong academic record. Preferably with Higher Education qualifications but at least GCSE Grades A*- C in Maths and English  Have practical knowledge and experience of Primary Education Have the ability to work with the class teacher in delivering high quality learning experiences for the pupils Be dedicated, hard-working and have a commitment to high levels of achievement for self and others Be committed to continuous professional development We encourage and support staff in gaining additional qualifications where required and would welcome applications from graduates who are interested in becoming a qualified Teaching Assistant.  You will find a school that: Is passionate about its mission of 'creating an outstanding organisation that inspires learners with excellence in academic achievement, personal development and community service' Has a supportive ethos & concern for the well-being of all members of our learning community Has high ambitions for all and provides excellent opportunities for professional development. Is well-ordered with high standards of commitment from pupils, staff and parents. Visits to the school are welcomed and encouraged. We welcome enquiries from everyone and value diversity in our workforce. For an informal and confidential discussion regarding the role, candidates are encouraged to contact Julie Bradley on 010 or email . staracademies . org  Applications must be made via eTeach. CVs will not be accepted for this post. Closing Date: Sunday, 2 December 2018 at midnight. Interview Date: Week beginning 3rd December 2018. Safeguarding Statement: Star Academies is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. This post is subject to satisfactory clearances including references, DBS checks, health clearances and proof of legal working in accordance with the Asylum and Immigration Act 1996. "	"Blackburn, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"16394.00 - 16755.00 Annual (pro torata) GBP"	"STAR ACADEMIES"	"STAR ACADEMIES"	"JS3573_6815177/582891379"	"01/12/2018 09:04:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxH0"	"Graduate"
"Learning Support Assistant -'Good' Secondary School-West London"	"£70-90 per day"	"Wandsworth, London"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant -'Good' Secondary School-West London"	"Wandsworth, London - £70-90 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced SEN/ASD Teaching Assistant looking to enhance your career? Have you recently graduated with a Psychology, Sociologyy, Social Work or other related degree and interested in working in an SEN/ASD position?Do you have excellent communication to build rapport easily with students?If you are an enthusiastic and budding graduate then you will also be considered for this role!If this position in Hammersmith & Fulham sounds likes a great opportunity for you, then we would like to hear from you ASAP!* Learning Support Assistant**Immediate Start** LB of Hammersmith & Fulham**£70-90* (based on experience) A 'Good' Ofsted rated school in Hammersmith & Fulham is looking for an experienced SEN/ASD Teaching Assistant or an enthusiastic and dedicated graduate TA to join their school on a long-term and Full time basis. The Secondary school in Hammersmith & Fulham promotes equality for all pupils with a variation of learning abilities, such as supporting SEN and ASD children.The experienced SEN/ASD Teaching Assistant/dedicated graduate will be supporting children on a 1:1 basis and in small groups. Furthermore, the ideal candidate will be required to support the teacher and will need to work closely with other staff members.  For the right graduate Teaching Assistant, the school are looking for: a candidate who has voluntary or part time work experience working with children, who are interested in SEN Teaching Assistant role or are looking to pursue a teaching career OR:A graduate who is able to learn quickly and adapt to instructions.An individual who can build rapport easily with students.The requirements for an experienced SEN/ASD TA include: Experience working with children in an ASD/SEN Department in mainstream education.1:1 classroom support experience working with Austistic childrenRelevant subject knowledge of the safeguarding practices and safeguarding training.A response will be made within one to two working days if you meet the requirements for the role.  "	"Wandsworth, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£70-90 per day"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS3504DDE1/588971123"	"29/11/2018 13:37:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gki7s"	"Graduate"
"ASD SEN TA - Croydon Secondary School"	""	"Croydon"	"Unspecified"	"ASD SEN TA - Croydon Secondary School"	"Croydon"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Secondary mainstream Croydon secondary school is currently recruiting for either an experienced or Grad Teaching Assistant who can work with KS3 - KS4 ASD pupils. Immediate or January 2019 post. Very much a community based secondly school this is a larger than average mainstream secondary school in Croydon that has great facilities and a supportive SEN department. Innovative and Creative secondary school in Croydon with a strong ethos with mixed ability pupils. They teach through the Key stages with a successful sixth form. This school has gone through systematic change and is going in the right direction. The Principal at this Croydon Secondary School is ambitious and has a successful educational background. Strong & impeccable managerial & leadership expertise. At this school, the pastoral team is very strong. The SENCO and Inclusion Manager are an asset to this school and exemplary managers and leaders. The SEN team are consistent, dedicated with a wealth of experience. They aim to make a real difference in young people lives. The staff at this school go over and beyond an exceed the schools expectations to ensure the students get the best support ever. Secondary Croydon mainstream school is currently recruiting either a Graduate or experienced SEN Teaching Assistant. They would like to recruit for someone to start either immediately or January in this full time post. They are recruiting for a KS3 to GCSE LSA/Teaching Assistant/Graduate Teaching Assistant who can potentially work in your specialised subject to your degree. The successful SEN Teaching Assistant will be employed full time on a long term supply basis. Opportunities for permanent work is potentially available for the right candidate and initially this will be a long term post. This role will be working with ASD students who have difficulties within the classroom and help to encourage and build a strong rapport with pupils in the curriculum. Additionally you will be working & supporting the class teacher with the daily running of the classroom. Would be beneficial if the successful SEN Teaching Assistant has experience working with children that have Autism & ADHD and has experience in dealing with demanding behaviour in the classroom as a SEN Teaching Assistant/Teaching Assistant. Relevant degree or qualifications for this postSpecialism in ASD/SEN Teaching AssistantSEN Teaching Assistant 1:1 and small group supportAvailable either in close proximity to Croydon or South East LondonExperience working with Mainstream or SEN or Secondary SchoolYou can build a strong rapport with students (KS3 & KS4 levels)In date DBS with the update service"	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36716243/589790747"	"29/11/2018 13:02:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkiys"	"Graduate"
"KS2 NQT in Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"KS2 NQT in Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 29 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit an NQT for a Year 5 class. This is a Full time position starting in January for a full academic year at a Primary School located Birmingham.Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references.Monarch Education will pay £200 for any successful referral of Teachers and Teaching Assistants*"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS44FB4359/588971135"	"29/11/2018 11:37:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkhpL"	NA
"Head of Education"	"GBP"	"Woodstock, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Head of Education"	"Woodstock, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Job Description Head of Education - Blenheim PalaceThis is an outstanding and unusual opportunity for an experienced and capable education professional to take on a challenging and rewarding role as Head of Education at of one of Britain's iconic estates. Over 300 years old, Blenheim is now a hugely diverse business with a duty to preserve its Legacy, an ambition to continually evolve, and a need to sustain a strong connection with the community.The successful candidate will lead the dedicated education team at Blenheim Palace as Head of Education with overall responsibility for a group of experts who work tirelessly to bring the history and wonder of our UNESCO World Heritage Site to life with a full programme of educational tours, resources and competitions.Reporting to our Director of Operations you'll be a key member of the Blenheim management team, responsible for leading and managing the education department's work. It is a strategic role encompassing development and delivery of the educational programme. As well as being a motivational leader, you will take on financial and budget responsibility for the department. Other key responsibilities will include:Develop the Blenheim Schools Partnerships programme including the setting up of a primary and secondary teacher's forum and developing relationships with local schools.Develop the relationship with the local education authority.Develop relationships with potential funders for Blenheim's education work.Consult with local higher education institutions to develop a relationship with students and staff.Continue the development of Blenheim Education's Outdoor programme with schools and other community groups including Scouts, Guides, Brownies, Cubs, Cadets and other young people's outdoor organisations. Develop their use of the grounds for outdoor activities including wilderness training, map reading, orienteering and nature appreciation.Like for like research on education departments, programmes and delivery at similar organisations ie other great houses and those with elements in common, including the Imperial War Museum, British Museum and National Portrait Gallery.Reinvent the education tours both inside and outside the Palace.Examination of potential education resources as yet untapped by Blenheim.Develop a series of education workshops or study events, distinct from tours as sessions of practical activity with children and students actively examining an area of Blenheim's history or current work in depth over a day.What we are looking for:Previous experience leading a team in an educational environment, ideally in the cultural, arts, museums or heritage sector, combined with experience in the design and delivery of educational programmes and projects. Strong strategic and leaderships skills and a proven track record of developing a team.You will also need:To be flexible and approachable, with good interpersonal skills and a positive outlook.Excellent organisational skills.Strong IT skills, particularly Microsoft Office.A strong educational background, ideally a history degree and a teaching qualification (PGCE).Experience working within a large organisation with multiple departments.This is a full time permanent position and the salary range is negotiable depending on experience.The closing date for applications is 30th November 2018.It is our goal to be one of the UK's Top 100 Employers by 2027. We are committed to engaging our people, helping each to achieve their personal best and rewarding them for their dedication and energy. By applying for this role, your details will be sent to Ortolan People, who are acting as consultants for the hiring company. Ortolan People are engaged to provide recruitment support in processing applications. We will endeavour to respond to all applicants within three working days. Occasionally for roles with a very high volume of applicants, this may not be possible.  "	"Woodstock, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Ortolan Group"	"Ortolan Group"	"JSE2CC72DA/577407645"	"28/11/2018 11:44:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkXdv"	NA
"Food Teaching assistant - SEN School - North West London"	"75k - 85k Annual GBP"	"North West London"	"Unspecified"	"Food Teaching assistant - SEN School - North West London"	"North West London - 75k - 85k Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Food Technology Teaching assistant - SEN School -North West London A specialist SEN School in North West London is currently recruiting for an enthusiastic Food Technology teaching assistant working with children who have SLD and PMLD. You will be working in the Food Technology department, so a love or understanding to cooking would be useful. This role is for an immediate start The role The role will involve working within the food technology department. You will be assisting pupils who have severe and complex needs. You will be trained in food and hygiene and health and safety. The ideal candidate Food related degree or work experience as a chef preferred but not essentialSEN experience within Schools - Primary or Secondary6 months TA experience or other child related workConfident with cookingGenuine passion for Special educational needsThe school The school had a very successful Ofsted report and it was judged to be outstanding. The inspector said the school \"Children flourish from the moment that they enter the school because they are in a stimulating and vibrant environment\". This is a good school that is well resourced and has excellent amenities as well as enjoying a professional and caring work ethos. The school possesses a calm and secure work environment and is led by a strong Head Teacher who provides exceptional on-going support throughout the school. The school are keen to interview within the next two weeks. With rich varieties of learning opportunities this is the perfect chance to further a career in Food Technology within a special educational needs school. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP. ASQ Education partners with a number of SEN schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"North West London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"75k - 85k Annual GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36705722/589411387"	"28/11/2018 07:45:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVrj"	NA
"Nursery Room Manager - Shrewsbury"	"£18,000 - £19,000 per year"	"Shrewsbury, Shropshire"	"Unspecified"	"Nursery Room Manager - Shrewsbury"	"Shrewsbury, Shropshire - £18,000 - £19,000 per year"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 28 November 2018"	""	"Bamboo Childcare are recruiting for a Nursery Room Manager based for an excellent company in ShrewsburyThe full time role involves supporting the manager and the deputy to run a large sized nursery setting. You will be responsible for leading the curriculum, ensuring staff's knowledge is up to date whilst identifying areas of development and training.Salary: £18,000 - £19,000 per yearHours: 40 a weekWe are looking for candidates with room leader or third in charge experience from a high performing nursery.This is a fantastic opportunity to take the next step in your career with employers who can offer excellent progression and benefits.What experience and qualifications must I have to apply?We are looking for someone who is passionate about leading and supporting a team, and must be at least Minimum Level 3 qualified or equivalent.Is this position right for you? Here's what we're looking for:- Experience as as a room leader- As a minimum be qualified to Level 3 in Childcare. QTS or Early Years Teacher qualification is desirable.- Ability to demonstrate the ability to work on own initiative and prioritise workload- An in depth knowledge of safeguarding procedures- Knowledge and understanding of key legislation related to childcare and education- Excellent communication skills both written and verbal- A positive attitude, good initiative, confident and approachableIf you may be interested in this permanent Room Manager role in Shrewsbury please apply through this site and send an up to date CV. "	"Shrewsbury, Shropshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£18,000 - £19,000 per year"	"Bamboo Childcare"	"Bamboo Childcare"	"JS3561_36708565/589414149"	"28/11/2018 07:16:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkVhp"	NA
"Learning Support Practitioner"	"17921.72 - 19977.17 Annual + Excelent benefits pacakge GBP"	"Rochester, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Practitioner"	"Rochester, Kent - 17921.72 - 19977.17 Annual + Excelent benefits pacakge GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	" Looking for a career where you can change lives? For more than two decades, Novus has been delivering education,training and employment opportunities to adults and young people in UK prisons. Over the years we have built a reputation as an innovator in the fight to reduce re-offending rates by transforming people's lives through learning and skills. We have a great opportunity at HMYOICookham Wood to join the education team as a Learning Support Practitioner on a permanent, full time (37 hours per week) basis. HMYOI Cookham Wood, Rochester, is a custodial establishment for Young People, aged between the ages of 15 and 18. There are currently around 170 young people in the YOI with an operational capacity of 186. All young people work towards English and Maths qualifications, as well as ICT, PSD, and vocational pathways which include construction, creative arts, healthy living, customer service, catering and horticulture. We also offer an Advice and Guidance service which helps our young people with postrelease opportunities. The purpose of this role is to promote progression and independent learning by delivering high quality, literacy, language and numeracy, learner-focused learning support. This role will assist the teacher/trainer in managing the behaviour of individual learners by using engaging and inclusive learning experiences. To do this successfully you'll need:- To hold or be willing to work towards level 2 qualifications inliteracy, numeracy within an agreed timescale To hold or be willing to work towards a level 2 or 3 qualificationfor Learning Support Practitioners within an agreed timescale To have an understanding of how people learn and methods that canbe used to enhance a learning experience Have a track record of working effectively with people presentingchallenging behaviour. Applicants must demonstrate in their application their ability tomeet the key responsibilities, key result areas and Qualifications/Skills andExperience detailed within the role profile. Novus is an equal opportunities employer welcoming applicationsfrom all sections of the community. All roles are subject to jobevaluation."	"Rochester, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"17921.72 - 19977.17 Annual + Excelent benefits pacakge GBP"	"Novus"	"Novus"	"JS4513_68100/582523653"	"27/11/2018 01:00:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkG96"	NA
"Learning Support assistant"	"£15,659- £19,500"	"Alton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support assistant"	"Alton, Hampshire - £15,659- £19,500"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Job Description We are looking for Student Support Assistants to join an organisation in Alton, that provides education, care, therapy and medical support to young people with physical and learning disabilities.The Organisation.The organisation provides education, care, therapy, medical support and independence training to young people with physical disabilities from all over the UK and overseas. Their aim is to prepare these young people for adult life, giving them the confidence and skills to achieve their full potential.Term Time only roles or Full year jobs availableDay and Night job roles available depending on preferenceEarning potential would be up to around £15,659- £19,500 depending on qualifications.Shifts include early shifts (7am start), late shifts (10 pm or 10.30 pm finish) and alternate weekends (can sometimes be flexible).Benefits.Pension from start of employment up to a max of 7.5%Life InsuranceChildcare VouchersHealth Cash planCompetitive Sick payGenerous Holiday leave.Training and DevelopmentDiscounted Gym membershipPerk BoxCycle to work schemeOccupational Health ServiceAccess to on-site swimming poolWorking in the lovely village of AltonThe Main Purpose of Job:Student Support Assistants (SSA's) work under the direction of teacher/tutor and Residential Manager and in this case, their main purpose is to assist students who need help because of their disabilities.The Duties:ClassroomPreparation of materials for all lessons and clearing up afterwards eg photocopying, laminating, assisting with classroom displays and preparing teaching materialsHelping \"set up\" students with a range of computer equipmentAssisting with therapy programmes.Working alongside the therapists to encourage students to effectively access the whole curriculumGuiding students in carrying out the work set by the teacher (this may be as the person in charge of a small group with no teacher present)Helping with maintenance of teaching aids and equipment in classroomsThere is a requirement for SSA's scribe or invigilate during examinations up to GCSE or A' level standardSupport teachers/tutors in maintaining good records of student progressCare Support DutiesTo help implement all aspects of individual care plans, including the administering of drugs and medication, in line with required school policy and procedure.To encourage the students to do as much as possible for themselves by guiding them and showing them what to do when necessary.Helping students in all aspects of daily living including washing, dressing, bathing, showering and after toilet hygiene.Implement the individual Young Persons Plans.Assist students with their nutritional requirements, eg serving meals, assisting with feeding, preparing drinks, meals and snacksAssisting in changing students and participating in PE and Swimming. (Personal circumstances will be considered)To assist students to achieve their ILP/IEP goalsTo keep robust records in line with regulatory requirementsTrips/VisitsAssisting with outings that are taking groups or individual students off siteExperiencePrevious experience of working in a caring environment and/or with people with a learning difficulty or disabilityA commitment to promoting and safeguarding the welfare of studentsWillingness and ability to undertake job related training and utilise new skills and knowledge to enable improved supportTo be able to provide personal care relevant to the students' needsReferral BonusAt Vetro Recruitment we recognise that exceptional people always know other exceptional people, so why not earn £50 to £250 for referring them to Vetro Recruitment.At Vetro Recruitment we have over 25 years experience helping people plan their career path, navigate the job market and find their ideal role. We pride ourselves on the service we offer our candidates. We will work alongside you at all stages of the job application process and help you identify, apply for and secure your ideal role. Whether you are looking for a permanent or temporary position we're here to help.Vetro recruitment acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Vetro is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: £15,659.00 to £19,500 Per Annum"	"Alton, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£15,659- £19,500"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"JS0956CD0A/578475283"	"27/11/2018 00:59:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkG6K"	NA
"Learning Support assistant"	"£15,659- £19,500"	"Alton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support assistant"	"Alton, Hampshire - £15,659- £19,500"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 27 November 2018"	""	"Job Description We are looking for Student Support Assistants to join an organisation in Alton, that provides education, care, therapy and medical support to young people with physical and learning disabilities.The Organisation.The organisation provides education, care, therapy, medical support and independence training to young people with physical disabilities from all over the UK and overseas. Their aim is to prepare these young people for adult life, giving them the confidence and skills to achieve their full potential.Term Time only roles or Full year jobs availableDay and Night job roles available depending on preferenceEarning potential would be up to around £15,659- £19,500 depending on qualifications.Shifts include early shifts (7am start), late shifts (10 pm or 10.30 pm finish) and alternate weekends (can sometimes be flexible).Benefits.Pension from start of employment up to a max of 7.5%Life InsuranceChildcare VouchersHealth Cash planCompetitive Sick payGenerous Holiday leave.Training and DevelopmentDiscounted Gym membershipPerk BoxCycle to work schemeOccupational Health ServiceAccess to on-site swimming poolWorking in the lovely village of AltonThe Main Purpose of Job:Student Support Assistants (SSA's) work under the direction of teacher/tutor and Residential Manager and in this case, their main purpose is to assist students who need help because of their disabilities.The Duties:ClassroomPreparation of materials for all lessons and clearing up afterwards eg photocopying, laminating, assisting with classroom displays and preparing teaching materialsHelping \"set up\" students with a range of computer equipmentAssisting with therapy programmes.Working alongside the therapists to encourage students to effectively access the whole curriculumGuiding students in carrying out the work set by the teacher (this may be as the person in charge of a small group with no teacher present)Helping with maintenance of teaching aids and equipment in classroomsThere is a requirement for SSA's scribe or invigilate during examinations up to GCSE or A' level standardSupport teachers/tutors in maintaining good records of student progressCare Support DutiesTo help implement all aspects of individual care plans, including the administering of drugs and medication, in line with required school policy and procedure.To encourage the students to do as much as possible for themselves by guiding them and showing them what to do when necessary.Helping students in all aspects of daily living including washing, dressing, bathing, showering and after toilet hygiene.Implement the individual Young Persons Plans.Assist students with their nutritional requirements, eg serving meals, assisting with feeding, preparing drinks, meals and snacksAssisting in changing students and participating in PE and Swimming. (Personal circumstances will be considered)To assist students to achieve their ILP/IEP goalsTo keep robust records in line with regulatory requirementsTrips/VisitsAssisting with outings that are taking groups or individual students off siteExperiencePrevious experience of working in a caring environment and/or with people with a learning difficulty or disabilityA commitment to promoting and safeguarding the welfare of studentsWillingness and ability to undertake job related training and utilise new skills and knowledge to enable improved supportTo be able to provide personal care relevant to the students' needsReferral BonusAt Vetro Recruitment we recognise that exceptional people always know other exceptional people, so why not earn £50 to £250 for referring them to Vetro Recruitment.At Vetro Recruitment we have over 25 years experience helping people plan their career path, navigate the job market and find their ideal role. We pride ourselves on the service we offer our candidates. We will work alongside you at all stages of the job application process and help you identify, apply for and secure your ideal role. Whether you are looking for a permanent or temporary position we're here to help.Vetro recruitment acts as an employment business when supplying temporary staff and as an employment agency when introducing candidates for permanent employment with a client. Vetro is an equal opportunities employer and decisions are made on merits alone.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: £15,659.00 to £19,500 Per Annum"	"Alton, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£15,659- £19,500"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"JS0956CD0A/578475283"	"27/11/2018 00:59:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkG6K"	NA
