"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"
"Quality Assurance Manager"	"£35k - 45k per annum"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Quality Assurance Manager"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire - £35k - 45k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Quality Assurance Manager | Oxford | £35,000 - £45,000A Client of mine is looking for a Quality Assurance and Compliance Manager to join their engineering team in Oxford. Key responsibilities: Implementation of the business quality system to contribute to, and integrate with the organisations business strategyReport to senior management on the performance and effectiveness of the business Quality Management System and the need for improvementsDevelop and implement a communication strategy to improve awareness, ownership and benefits of Quality and Continuous Improvement culture across the entire company. Provide leadership and guidance to a cross functional team of process owners within the business management system to ensure processes remain the most relevant and effective means of managing the businessAct as a consultant and advisor to all application regulatory complianceEstablish audit system and maintenance of ISO9001 and other standards as applicable Required Skills and Experience:Membership of a recognised Quality & CI body - CQI, LCSDegree level qualification, technical or manufacturing preferredProven coach/teacher of quality/compliance behavioursExpert knowledge and experience in applying quality tools and techniquesConversant with a range of industrial and regulatory compliance tools and techniquesAble to lead quality improvements within cross functional teamsCustomer facing skills, able to gain credibility with customers"	"Oxford, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Engineering"	"2018-12-31"	"£35k - 45k per annum"	"Opus Recruitment Solutions Ltd"	"Ryan Widdicombe "	"JSOXFORD"	"10/12/2018 12:07:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmhfG"	NA
"Senior Developer"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Developer"	"Reading, Berkshire - £45k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Are you an accomplished developer with a wide breadth of technical know-how? Are you ready to take on the challenge of running a small team? Do you enjoy debate and (friendly) argument as a way to test your knowledge and assumptions? You write code, and you thrive on the challenge of making that code artistic in its simplicity. C# is your language of choice, but you take pride in being able to answer \"probably, yeah\" when someone asks \"I've got this bit of code that doesn't work, can you fix it?\" without having to ask what it's written in. You like neat, orderly separations between layers of code, enjoy the speed boots fluent mappings and ORMs provide but are worldly enough to know they've got their downsides too, and you like the idea of cloud and micro-services but have been around the block enough to know where the traps are. You revel in the freedom to suggest and implement new technologies - but you don't have problems supporting existing code and get your hands dirty with the odd bit of Legacy product. You like the idea of leading a team of developers, but prefer to spend your day in Visual Studio than in Outlook and Excel, and as much as you relish the opportunity to share your knowledge you don't want to be a teacher. You'll lead a small team of developers and QA engineers as a sub-team working on our SaaS product. You'll take part in sprints alongside other teams - spread across the UK, Ireland and Adelaide - and represent your team's work in scrums and scrum-of-scrums with the other TAs. What does the ideal candidate look like? - Excellent Technical skills, with the \"depth\" bit in C#, MVC and enterprise applications and breadth in just about anything tech - Excellent JavaScript skills, including exposure to Bootstrap, knockout, knockback, angular, node or similar and a good understanding of the underlying processes involved in ajax - Excellent SQL skills, including familiarity with query execution plans, optimisations and index maintenance, memory pinned tables and analysis services, reporting services and big-data techniques - A firm belief that code that doesn't have unit tests and automated test suites isn't worth having - Experience on Azure, AWS or similar, including IaaS and PaaS What's in it for you? As well as a competitive salary, pension contributions and holiday allowances, you'll have the opportunity to directly influence both the technology and product roadmap of a growing, ambitious company with some amazing people in it. You'll work alongside experts in a number of fields, and they'll put you through training on the technical tools and platforms (including for Microsoft certifications) as well as in management and organisational effectiveness You'll engage directly with experts from Microsoft and the wider tech sphere, as well as with our customers, and you'll build your own profile and reputation rather than being an anonymous cubicle farm drone. ISL (Incite Solutions Ltd) is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"07/01/2019"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"ISL Recruitment"	"James Leech "	"JS-6041"	"07/12/2018 09:14:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2tM"	NA
"Trainee Recruitment Consultant"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Recruitment Consultant"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT£25,000 - £40,000Austin Fraser, ReadingHere at Austin Fraser, we do recruitment a little differently.Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working, you won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.You'll first focus on building up a network of exceptional candidates, this will really be the foundation of your recruitment business.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business. You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.A background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere.We don't look for keywords on a CV, you're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips.Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.A clear progression structureAll national public bank holidays offQuarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings. To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket, you know, the that your teacher said you'd never have... that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000, on top of your commission!Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.Just like all the great companies, we started life in a garage. Back in 2007, our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years and we now have 6 offices across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to be apart of somewhere that does things a little differently, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-TRREC"	"06/12/2018 15:58:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glxz7"	NA
"Chief Scrum Master - London - up to £60,000"	"£50k - £60k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Chief Scrum Master - London - up to £60,000"	"London - £50k - £60k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Chief Scrum Master - London - £50,000-£60,000 My client a Fintech that specialise in Risk Analytics software are currently looking for a Chief Scrum Master (RTE) on a permanent basis for their London office.The division have 7 project teams each having their own Scrum Master. As Chief Scrum Master you will oversee each Scrum Masters projects and report directly to the CTO. They are using a Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) which is an effective scaling framework which helps in aligning organizational goals.The Chief Scrum Master conducts the Scrum of Scrums in SAFe. Each agile team of the Agile Release Train will have their respective Scrum Master. These scrum masters participate in the Scrum of Scrums which is led by this role. As the chief Scrum Master, you will be responsible for handling and removing multiple project dependencies, improving process and coordinating between various teams.You will be able to engage at all levels of the business and enjoy working with multiple different stakeholders.12 Traits of a Great Chief Scrum Master Agile MindsetCourageous Servant LeadershipIntegrity FacilitatorNegotiator Communicator TeacherMentorHonest and Transparent Critical ThinkingLifelong learnerAny of the below qualifications would be helpful but not essential.Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)Certified Scrum Professional (CSP)Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)Agile Engineering with optional Certified Scrum Developer (CSD) certificationProject Management Institute - Agile Certified Professional Advanced ScrumMaster (ASM) Scaled Agilist (SA) SAFe Program Consultant (SPC4) SAFe Release Train Engineer (RTE4)Please submit your CV for immediate consideration. (see below) "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"£50k - £60k per annum + bonus, Pension"	"Gravitas Recruitment Group Ltd"	"Tim Bunn "	"JS-BBBH54400"	"10/12/2018 10:05:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmg1k"	NA
"IT Trainer/Coach - Returners Programme"	""	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"IT Trainer/Coach - Returners Programme"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Returning to work after a break doesn't have to be daunting. At QA, we want you to have a fulfilling career that works for you and your family - and we'll support you as you relaunch your working life. We're seeking tech trainers and coaches who love helping others to learn and accomplish their goals. This role offers returning parents the opportunity to utilise your existing skills but apply them in a completely different way. It's the perfect career for parents returning to work, whether you're experienced in a similar role or looking to retrain for a new career in teaching/education.We're offering this role as part of our Return | (Re)Train initiative - an exciting new programme to support returners, upskill talent for the tech sector and make getting back to work an exciting experience.The roleOur programmes and courses train up talent to meet employers' tech and business skills needs and help learners take their own careers to the next level. At QA, we genuinely transform our learners' lives, and in this role you'll be part of that. Whether you're teaching an apprentice their first line of code or supporting a new manager as they tackle the challenges of dispute management, you will be their teacher.With our support, you'll deliver tech course content through a combination of face-to-face, E-learning and digital methods and coach learners to help them succeed - whether they're highly qualified professionals or beginners looking to join the field. You'll teach both scheduled/public and customised courses for relevant areas of QA's tech portfolio.This is an exciting, fulfilling role where you get to interact directly with learners to help them grow their skills and achieve their potential.How we'll support your return to work A supportive workplace that accommodates your family responsibilities  Flexible working contracts - we can even offer you school holidays off  Training courses to help you learn new coaching skills or provide a refresher in the field  An assigned co-pilot/\"buddy\" to get you up to speed with our processes and award-winning tech coursesWhat we offer Generous base salary (dependent on experience)  School holidays off (or ad hoc holiday bookings if that is better for you)  Unique return-to-work training programme (not mandatory but there for you should you want to use it)  Two days paid charity work for a charity of your choice  Three days of paid training from your choice of 1,200+ diverse QA courses  Subsidised gym membership and cycle to work scheme  Private pensionYou are  Passionate about helping, supporting and teaching others  Willing to learn  Confident at speaking to groups of people (perhaps in customer-facing roles) with strong presentation, interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to share your expertise/experience with others  Eligible to live and work in the UK  Able to plan and deliver against set learning and achievement targetsWho are we? QA is one of the largest learning services organisations in the UK. We help develop skills and capabilities for everyone, from apprentices to business leaders. Headquartered in London with 20 more training centres nationwide, QA Group comprises four fast-growing divisions-QA Learning, QA Apprenticeships, QA Consulting and QA Higher Education-all of which deliver innovative, award-winning (2016 Top 20 IT Training Companies List) and ever-evolving skills solutions.We'd love to support your return to work-apply today and let's get started on your newest career chapter! "	"United Kingdom"	"IT, Education"	"ASAP"	NA	"QA"	"QA"	"JS2607359/599336859"	"06/12/2018 11:26:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOH"	NA
"Recruitment - £100k OTE Year One!"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment - £100k OTE Year One!"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"I'm kidding, that won't happen. You're actually looking at a first year OTE of £35,000 - £40,000.Here at Austin Fraser, we do recruitment a little differently.Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working, so you won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.So what will you be doing?First, you'll focus on building up a network of exceptional candidates. This will really be the foundation of your recruitment business.From here, you'll be using this network to win new business and clients, both over the phone and face to face.Sound simple?It is, but it's hard work.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business. You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.A background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere.We don't look for keywords on a CV, you're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips.Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.A clear progression structureAll national public bank holidays offQuarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings. To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket, you know, the that your teacher said you'd never have... that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000, on top of your commission!Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.Just like all the great companies, we started life in a garage. Back in 2007, our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years and we now have 6 offices across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to be apart of somewhere that does things a little differently, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-100K"	"10/12/2018 16:35:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmkEp"	NA
"Product Owner"	"£45-50k + excellent benefits"	"East of England, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Product Owner"	"East of England, United Kingdom - £45-50k + excellent benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"A global leader in assessment and E-learning is looking for a Product Owner to join their digital and new product development team. This team is responsible for their exciting new range of digital learning, assessment, and teaching products from early stage development. They aim to use thelatest emerging digital tech to create world leading digital learning and assessment experiences on mobile and theweb, touching millions of lives. As a Product Owner within this organisation you will take ideas and challenges from the business or customers and by adopting a user-centric, innovative and iterative approach, find digital solutions. Using your knowledge, ideally of the language learning, teaching and assessment market, you will manage thedevelopment and improvement of a group of digital learning products and provide clear ownership. You will help intensify the focus on new digital learning and assessment by: Ensuring iterative, user centicand agile approaches are employed as required Focus on customer needs, value and a positive user experience that benefits the business Make sure product development focuses on ROI To be considered you will need: To be passionate about innovation and user centric approaches to digital products and development Ideally you will have experience of the language learning market in the UK and ideally overseas as well. This could be as a teacher or similar before moving into digital product development You will have a proven track record in the design, development and delivery of digital products and ideally learning/E-learning/training products The client has an excellent working environment and this role has an impressive benefits package."	"East of England, United Kingdom"	"IT, Sales and Marketing, Education"	NA	"£45-50k + excellent benefits"	"SynApps"	"Ian Reid "	"JS"	"11/12/2018 10:53:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmtZW"	NA
"Teacher"	"16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher"	"Southwark, London - 16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"JOB OVERVIEW - Teacher role  At The Complete Works Independent School, we are looking for passionate teachers to deliver creative lessons while successfully nurturing and inspiring our students. As part of our energetic and welcoming team, you will enthuse and motivate students to strive for success whilst following the schemes of work which will be provided.  WHY CHOOSE US: The Complete Works (TCW) is an alternative educational provision, which delivers a unique and innovative education to students. Our approach to learning allows students to feel empowered and appreciated. You do not require having a teaching qualification to teach at The Complete Works. We have students all over London eg Southwark, Lewisham, Tower Hamlets, Islington and Hackney.  The majority of our students have an individual teacher assigned to deliver their education pathway, which is based off-site at their homes, libraries or other suitable settings. We also have TCW education centres where students can come and learn on-site together in small groups. Sometimes the circumstances can be challenging but often the results are very rewarding. WHAT WE OFFER: You will be on an induction rate for the first four weeks. After the four weeks, your rate will be reviewed and be increased Bank worker contract A school that is fully dedicated to developing every child to reach their full potential, irrespective of their ability Collaborative working within our shared family of schools to support our endeavours to work smarter and achieve an effective balance between home and work. A dedicated and friendly team of professionals who are keen to develop and learn. Development through mentorship and coaching Trainings  Facilities to resource your ability to teach your students  Tailor made individual learning plans for every student  JOB REQUIREMENTS: Some experience working with SEN or behavioural students Would like to make a difference Passionate about education Degree or equivalent  THE RIGHT CANDIDATE WILL HAVE: A detailed knowledge of the curriculum and its means of delivery High standards of communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to work as a team. The ability to work towards deadlines. The ability to motivate both students and your peers. Highly motivated and enthusiastic. Excellent attendance and punctuality. Experience innovating to deliver the curriculum Find out more on our school website or email us via the button below. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"16.00 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6814764/583836162"	"11/12/2018 09:19:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmszX"	NA
"Teacher of Mathematics- 'Good' Secondary School'- Lewisham"	"135.00 - 175.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Mathematics- 'Good' Secondary School'- Lewisham"	"London - 135.00 - 175.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"* January 2019* * Experienced Teacher of Mathematics/Mathematics Teacher* *LB of Lewisham.* * Fixed Term and Full-Time.* * January 2019 to July 2019 (Two Terms)  * £135-£175 per day Thriving and growing Secondary School in Lewisham is looking for a Teacher of Mathematics/Mathematics Teacher to commence employment in January 2019. This diverse and educational school ensures that all pupils are treated equally and are given a great opportunity to achieve their grades and reach their full potential. Staff members in the school also prioritise equality and recognise diversity to ensure that all pupils are giving the chance to achieve their grades even if they are facing difficult environments outside of the learning establishment. The head teacher also inspires and continues to welcome and offer support for students in their educational establishment.  The role...  Teach KS3 to KS5 Mathematics to 11 to 18 year oldsPrepare revision sessions for KS4 and KS5 examinations Provide a variety of learning styles for children in the classroomEngage students in the lesson and build class rapport The ideal candidate will... Have experience teaching KS3 to KS5 mathematicsHold UK recognised Teaching Qualifications (PGCE, PGDE, GTP, SCITT with QTS)Have obtained a 'Good' to 'Outstanding' teaching recordBe able to prep GCSE and A-Level students for summer examinationsHave the ability to build rapport and engage with students and staff in the school.The Teacher of Mathematics/Mathematics Teacher position is for a January 2019 and fixed term and Full time position until July 2019 for a Secondary School in Lewisham. As this role is in high demand, the school are looking to interview ASAP! If this is a great opportunity for you, then please apply for this role immediately! All shortlisted candidates will be contacted within one to two working days.  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"135.00 - 175.00 Annual GBP"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36754798/596919042"	"06/12/2018 07:04:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGy"	NA
"Drama Teacher Required - Farnborough"	"110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Farnborough, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Drama Teacher Required - Farnborough"	"Farnborough, Hampshire - 110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Drama Required We are looking for Drama teachers in Farnborough and the surrounding areas.Reed Education are on the framework for Local Council which ensures we have a high demand of work across the academic year, as well as dealing with Other local authority's, private Schools and academy's. Do you have great classroom management skills? Are you craving the opportunity to be flexible with your working hours? Wanting to try a few different schools before you commit to just one?Whether you're looking for your next permanent position or day to day supply, we would like to hear from you!We are always looking for talented Drama teachers to work across our schools in Farnborough and local attached areas. Whether you're an NQT or an experienced teacher, we are always happy to assist. Working on a temporary basis gives you the freedom to try many different schools, it also allows you to get a better work life balance. Now is a great time to work on a temporary basis through Reed as we currently have schools pre-booking teachers already!With competitive rates of pay Reed Education are a great agency to work through with many teachers working with us year on year. Reed Education can also help you find a permanent position whilst working with us on a temporary contract! You will be appointed a personal consultant who will work with you every step of the way, for further information, apply below or contact us on or Email us at Next StepsBook your personal one to one appointment with your consultant - Contact us today!We will then put a time in the diary to meet your personal consultant who will help you every step of the way.Reed Open DaysLooking ahead why not come to one of our Reed Open Days? We hold regular open days where you can drop in and meet the team, get registered for the here and now or the next term coming. Please enquire on the contact details above for our next Reed Open Day.What would you do with an additional extra £100??Refer a friend scheme: Know someone who might be interested in working through Reed? Refer them to Reed and once they have a completed assignment you will be win £100 of vouchers! (Terms and Conditions apply)Higher rates are based on an LTD basis, Please enquire for further details on the benefits and how these can be achieved. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Farnborough, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36128797/599125054"	"07/12/2018 09:03:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jv"	NA
"Teacher of Geography/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon, London - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Geography, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817034/588298263"	"10/12/2018 07:09:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJM"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of English/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon, London - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of English, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817037/588298355"	"10/12/2018 07:09:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJL"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Science/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Science/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon, London - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Science, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817036/588298398"	"10/12/2018 07:09:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJK"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Maths/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon, London - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Mathematics, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!  Click here for a full list of Harris benefits.  About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Invictus Academy Croydon are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Please call to arrange a time to come in or an informal conversation with the Principal. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817039/588298368"	"10/12/2018 07:09:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJJ"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of English, York"	"GBP"	"York"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English, York"	"York - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are seeking to appoint a forward thinking English Teacher, with a proven record of raising attainment at GCSE level. You will join a committed and inspirational team at Easter 2019 for at least one term, with the possibility of going on to a fixed term contract, directly with the School.We require candidates to teach English across a range of abilities at Key Stage 3 and GCSE. You should be committed to the development of the pupils and strive to achieve the highest results from your pupils. You will need to maintain and drive the high standards that the School set and already have in place. This is an OFSTED graded 'Good' School, with comments on the School's 'Outstanding' Senior Leadership Team. The English department is a strong team, with attainment levels raising year on year, so this is a great opportunity for an experienced Teacher of English, or a Newly Qualified Teacher of English.If you are looking for a new opportunity from Easter 2019, here are just a few reasons why you should be joining Teaching Personnel:Market Leaders for the UK Education RecruitmentCompetitive daily rates of pay according to experience and qualifications; in-line with Agency Worker Regulations (AWR)Continuous Development with a range of online and in-house courses, such as Child Psychology, Team Teach, Autism Awareness and links to website resourcesDedicated Consultant who will support you through all placements you complete with Teaching PersonnelFor more information please call Kerry Fowler on or send your up to date CV by clicking 'Apply Now'. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"York, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC38EE576/599808673"	"08/12/2018 11:06:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDiQ"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies"	"100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Leeds"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Business Studies"	"City, Leeds - 100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education is working exclusively a school in the Leeds area who are looking for a Business Studies Teacher who is willing to continue to develop minds of our future generations.This role is for a January start and is a year long maternity cover, however, for the right candidate we have been advised that further employment is possible.This school is making rapid improvements with huge increases in their GCSE results in the past academic year. The school has a fully formatted plan towards an outstanding Ofsted inspection which is well underway, developing every department in the school.You could be apart of this schools success story.If you are interested in- Joining a forward thinking Business Studies department which allows your team to evolve and progress.- CPD opportunities, allowing your teaching expertise and skills to grow- Easy motorway links from Yorkshire areas, making your journey to work pain-free.- Generous levels of PPA, allowing you to go into every lesson confident and assuredYou need to apply for this job now!All you need to do is - Provide relevant qualifications (QTS) and endure a DBS check (3 years)- Be able to teach all science specialisms up to key stage 4- Be willing to join this school on their journey to academic excellenceIf more information is required please call Reed Education on . Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"City, Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36773619/598614306"	"07/12/2018 09:03:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2j4"	NA
"Teacher of Maths/Maths NQT - North London"	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths/Maths NQT - North London"	"London - Inner London Salary GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Maths NQT seeking work in North London for July or September 2018? Seeking your first role as a qualified teacher? Want to join a fast improving and progressing department? If so then please read below. Maths teacher - North London - Haringey area July or September start Excellent Senior Management Team Great opportunities for career progression Our client is currently seeking a dedicated, committed and ambitious teacher of Maths for a permanent post in North London. The teacher must have Qualified Teacher Status; have a real drive for teaching and a passion for their students. The school we are recruiting for is a lively, vibrant and energetic establishment which has students from varying social and economic backgrounds enrolled. They are looking for a classroom practitioner who enjoys creating strong relationships with their class and has the ability to engage students of all abilities. If selected you will be teaching at Key Stages 3 & 4 as well as the possibility of A-Level work. You will join a well-structured and successful team which is held in high regards by students and staff alike.  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813616/580802130"	"10/12/2018 07:07:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgH8"	NA
"Teacher of Geography (Maternity Cover)"	"A competitive salary commensurate with experience GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography (Maternity Cover)"	"Southwark, London - A competitive salary commensurate with experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Post: Fixed term, One year contract, Part time (0.6) from April 2019 James Allen's Girls' School is recruiting for an enthusiastic and highly motivated part time teacher of Geography to teach Year 7 to GCSE. Working alongside the Head of Geography and in collaboration with our excellent Geography team you will demonstrate the motivation, organisation and commitment required to deliver excellent results and support our School of highly academic girls. We Offer: A competitive salary commensurate with experience. A diverse benefit package including parking, gym membership and free lunches An opportunity to join one of the leading independent girls' schools in the country. Please visit our website via the button below to download a JAGS Teaching Staff Application Form. For further information please contact James Allen's Girls' School. Letters and CVs only will not be accepted. Closing date: 3 January 2019 Interviews: Week commencing 7 January 2019  Interviews may be held at any stage after applications are received, therefore, interested candidates are advised to apply as soon as possible. We reserve the right to close this vacancy earlier than the specified deadline, if a suitable candidate is found   JAGS is committed to equality of opportunity and to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children: applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.  Reg charity No  "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"A competitive salary commensurate with experience GBP"	"JAMES ALLENS GIRLS SCHOOL"	"JAMES ALLENS GIRLS SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6821071/594811559"	"05/12/2018 15:28:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlojN"	NA
"Teacher of Business Studies"	"MPS GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Business Studies"	"United Kingdom - MPS GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"St. Aloysius' College is a successful North Islington R.C. Comprehensive school. We take pride in our friendly and inclusive school community with its commitment to supporting pupils and staff in achieving their full potential. We are looking to appoint a fully qualified Teacher of Business Studies for an April 2019 start to teach across the full age and ability range. Able to contribute effectively to the development of this subject showing creativity and initiative especially with the development of new approaches to teaching the subject. You duties will include: Assisting with the development of strategies to ensure every pupil makes good progress in accordance with the schools targets and expectations Assisting with the development and delivery of our SEN and intervention strategies monitoring and assessment including the appropriate setting of pupils to ensure we give every pupil the best chance to succeed. Assisting with the delivery of the Business Studies and careers and work experience programme Taking responsibility for maintaining up to date schemes of work as directed by your line manager Focusing on planning and delivering outstanding lessons that inspire and enthuse pupils Holding the highest expectations of all pupils irrespective of their ability or background Working with the SEN team and the academic and pastoral team to ensure that opportunities are provided for every child to make progress including the provision of extension activities for those pupils who excel at the subject St. Aloysius' College is committed to Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people, and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Apply: An application form is available via the school's website. Please email your completed application to Debbie McDonagh  "	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"MPS GBP"	"ST ALOYSIUS RC COLLEGE"	"ST ALOYSIUS RC COLLEGE"	"JS3573_6825003/601651391"	"10/12/2018 07:09:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJD"	NA
"Teacher of Religious Education"	"23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual (NQTs starting on M2/£25,593, subject to successful profe GBP"	"Headington, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Religious Education"	"Headington, Oxfordshire - 23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual (NQTs starting on M2/£25,593, subject to successful profe GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Cheney School is a popular, high-performing school located in the heart of Oxford serving a diverse community of students who are eager to learn and to be challenged. You can read the outcome of our recent Ofsted inspection here: Ofsted Report  We are committed to continuous professional development and have wide-ranging training and development opportunities. We are also mindful of the competing demands people face in their lives and are happy to consider part-time applications. If you are not familiar with Oxfordshire, we would recommend that you take a look at: Living in Oxfordshire - Information for Teachers  We are seeking to appoint a skilled, ambitious and innovative teacher to join a successful and progressive RE Department within the Humanities Faculty. We are a strong team which values working with young people and promoting students' lasting enthusiasm for RE. We would welcome a team player who is keen to work and plan collaboratively and contribute to a strong culture of sharing best practice, resources and ideas. This exciting post offers teaching across KS3-5. RE at Cheney School is a highly valued subject and all students take the full course GCSE (Eduqas A). The Philosophy and Ethics A Level is a popular course and students have often gone to study Philosophy related courses at A Level. We make the most of our close links with the city of Oxford and are able to offer various extra-curricular opportunities such as talks and debates. You will need to demonstrate that you: are passionate about raising levels of engagement and achievement; have the determination to provide high quality classroom teaching; want to make a positive difference by going the extra mile for the benefit of your students; have the desire and enthusiasm to play an active and collaborative role in contributing to a strong culture of sharing best practice, resources and ideas; have the interpersonal and leadership skills required to inspire and motivate colleagues and students; are keen and able to embed enjoyment and success in learning. Visits to the school prior to interview are welcomed. To arrange a visit or if you would like more information about the role, please contact Judy Gleen, Head of Humanities. Payment is on Teacher Main Scale or Upper Pay scale. The position comes with membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan. How to Apply: Please download an application pack and send it by email via the button below.  The Community Schools Alliance Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced DBS check before taking up the post, along with pre-employment safeguarding checks.  Closing date: 8am, Friday 11 th January Interviews on: w/c Monday 14 th January "	"Headington, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual (NQTs starting on M2/£25,593, subject to successful profe GBP"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6818256/592930286"	"05/12/2018 17:24:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpkE"	NA
"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"Birmingham - 110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019 Are you a science teacher looking for a position in Birmingham for January 2019?  Academics Ltd is supporting one of the best schools in Birmingham and has an exciting opportunity to recruit a qualified science teacher for the academic year.We have a role available for an enthusiastic science teacher to start in January 2019. The school is looking for a confident science teacher with good communication skills; strong behaviour management skills and someone who is passionate about helping kids achieve their full potential. The role You will be a qualified and experienced science teacher looking to teach a KS3 - 5 class. An exciting opportunity for you to play a vital role in teaching and helping students improve and achieve academically. The job role includes: Plan work in accordance with departmental schemes of work and national curriculum programmes of studySet appropriate and challenging science work for all pupils in KS3 & KS4 classKeep appropriate records of pupils' workComplete pupil reports in line with school policy.Developing and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning in sciencePlan and deliver science lessons to an excellent standardAssessing and marking science work and assignmentsmonitor students' progression and raise attainment levelsAbility to plan engaging science lessons using numerous learning methodsBe dedicated and enthusiasticRequirements Resilient, driven and self motivatedScience related Degree and UK Teaching qualification (QTS,PGCE)NQT Science TeacherExperience in teaching trilogy AQA science is advantageousUK classroom experienceAbility to plan engaging lessons using numerous learning methodsAvailable full time from January 2019Able to travel around BirminghamValid DBS or willingness to obtain oneDesirable At least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolProven and relevant experience of teaching KS3 - 5 scienceNQT science Teacher or QTS science TeacherAdditionally you will benefit from: Joining a supportive and thriving departmentNQT's will receive a lot support on inductionCareer progression opportunitiesCompetitive SalaryIf you are willing to go the extra mile to provide an outstanding education to fantastic children, then we would welcome your application to this science teacher position. Please send your CV to or CALL  "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36794972/600484933"	"10/12/2018 07:03:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEH"	NA
"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens"	"GBP"	"St. Helens, Merseyside"	"Unspecified"	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens"	"St. Helens, Merseyside - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens Milk Education are looking to appoint an EYFS Teacher to work at a School in St Helens in a Reception class. The position is to start Monday 7th January 2019 and the School are looking to meet someone for a chat before they finish for the Christmas break. This role is for 5 full days per week and will be an on-going long-term role. The full teaching cycle is expected at all times, including planning, marking, assessing, recording data, report writing, staff insets and training and parents evenings.The School are happy to look at taking on either an NQT or a Qualified Teacher. Previous EYFS experience is essential and excellent knowledge the EYFS curriculum and assessments is desirable. You must also be committed to working in a Full time role as the school are looking for continuity. The school provides an extremely welcoming environment, a supportive team environment and extremely passionate children. In order to be considered for this role we require you meet the following criteria; Hold a relevant teaching qualification with QTS, such as a PGCE, B.Ed. or a BA Hons.Have eligibility to work in the UK or be a UK resident.Have previous experience of working in a UK Primary School.Two suitable references covering the last 2 years.Hold a current DBS that is registered with the update service or be willing to apply for a new one.In return MILK Education can offer; Excellent rates of pay.Direct links to local schools.Dedicated Consultants who will cater for your employment needs with 24/7 availabilityCommitment to quality and safeguarding.24/7 support for interview and lesson observation preparation.In order to be considered for this role or any other opportunities we have please click 'apply' below for one of our dedicated consultants to get in touch. Privacy Statement At Milk Education, our core values have been built around the importance of transparency, innovation, passion and collaboration. As such, we are committed to open communication and the protection of your privacy. We have updated our policies in line with new General Data Protection Regulation laws to make it easier for you to understand how we collect, store and handle your data- These can be viewed on our website via our privacy policy. "	"St. Helens, Merseyside, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Milk Education"	"Milk Education"	"JS3561_36745607/592834076"	"10/12/2018 07:03:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEA"	NA
"Business Teacher Basildon September 2019"	"30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Basildon, Essex"	"Unspecified"	"Business Teacher Basildon September 2019"	"Basildon, Essex - 30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Business Teacher - Basildon Are you a strong, experienced Business Teacher with a history of successfully working within challenging schools? Do you teach in a way that focusses on academic achievement, but that also is inclusive and creative? A school in Basildon are seeking a Business Teacher to join them as of September 2019!  * Business Teacher * Basildon* MPS 2-5 (dependent upon experience)* Permanent, Full-Time Business Teacher position * Leading classes up to A-Level as the new Business Teacher * CPD and TLR opportunities available for the successful Business Teacher* September 2019 start as the new Business Teacher The school want to meet a Business Teacher who is able to use their extensive curriculum knowledge to create and deliver engaging and well researched lessons that are fun, engaging, and interactive for all students. The hired Business Teacher will have high expectations of their pupils and will continue to push them beyond their perceived ability. This 11-18 secondary is in Basildon. The school is close to transport links and offers on-site parking facilities. Thanks to a high calibre team of teachers, excellent direction from the Senior Leadership Team and well-rounded pupils, this school has achieved 'Good' status from OFSTED. The school invests heavily in its staff support, development and progression and so the successful Business Teacher will have immediate access to an excellent CPD programme.  As a Business Teacher at this school, you will be operating alongside an especially hard-working Business Studies Department and leading classes up to GCSE. This Business Teacher role will see you focus on sustaining good exam performance, cultivate a positive classroom mentality, plan thorough lessons and help students achieve beyond their potential. The successful Business Teacher will have access to the latest teaching resources. The school provide a fully-functioning ICT suite, a library, and interactive whiteboards in every class to ensure maximum efficiency for their teaching team. Click 'Apply Now' and send your CV to Amber at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of Business Teacher applications, only successful applicants will be contacted. "	"Basildon, Essex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"30k Annual 00 GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36793161/600487747"	"09/12/2018 13:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT29"	NA
"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019"	"917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Leicester, Leicestershire"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019"	"Leicester, Leicestershire - 917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019 Key Stage 1 Teacher - central LeicesterTo start January 2019Paid to scale.Key Stage 1 Teacher to join a 3 form entry schoolEmpowering Learning are currently recruiting on behalf of a 3 form entry primary school, the head teacher is looking to appoint inspirational and compassionate Key Stage 1 Teacher who has a history of 'Good' or better teaching. The school is searching for a Key Stage 1 Teacher who can produce exciting, creative lessons that ensure all pupils make clear progress. Behaviour throughout the school is very good and the school have a well-balanced community feel that ensures it brings together children, teachers and parents to manage this.In this Key Stage 1 Teacher post you will be leading a year group based on your skills and experience. Engagement of both pupils and parent is a focus within the school and so the head teacher is looking for a Key Stage 1 Teacher who can not only produce inclusive lessons that ensure all pupils make progress, but also enthuse parents and carers to take an active part in their child's education. CPD is excellent within the school, led by their invested Headteacher.The school is situated in central Leicester, this 3-form entry primary school has recently been graded as 'Good' by OFSTED. The school has invested heavily in facilities recently as it looks to prepare pupils for the modern world, and boasts an interactive outdoor learning space, bespoke ICT suite and brand-new resource library. If you would like to be considered for this role, please contact Oliver Taylor on and email your CV to  "	"Leicester, Leicestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36763070/597594656"	"07/12/2018 09:06:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mj"	NA
"ICT Teacher Needed in Manchester!"	"90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"ICT Teacher Needed in Manchester!"	"City, Manchester - 90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"PE teacher for immediate start in Manchester Required immediately; this fantastic school based in Manchester, are looking for an inspiring PE teacher who will contribute to the wider success of the school. You should be comfortable taking on a timetable which will include all year groups within the secondary range and ideally A-Level classes also. The school is highly regarded for its friendliness and pupil progress. You will be expected to have a good knowledge of the national curriculum and be a dedicated and committed PE teacher. The successful PE teacher will have: QTS or a broad range of coaching qualifications and a relevant higher level diplomaExperience in the sports coaching and/or education sectorHave the ability to deliver high quality sport and physical activity sessions across the National CurriculumHave a knowledge and understanding of effective pupil behaviour management and be able to implement strategies with a class of 30 childrenIn return you will receive: Good rates of payA no hassle payment schemeWorking in a rewarding and respectful environmentOutstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way, with excellent industry experience and in-depth knowledgeAn excellent 'recommend a friend' scheme.Terms and Conditions Apply*If you are the right PE teacher for this role, then please call Carla on or email  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"JS3561_36782467/599172115"	"07/12/2018 09:06:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mU"	NA
"English Teacher - Twickenham £120 - £225 a day"	"120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"English Teacher - Twickenham £120 - £225 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"*English Teacher - Twickenham *January 2019 Start -Experienced English Teacher - Newly Qualified Teachers welcome. English Teacher required for a Secondary school to teach students aged from 11 to 18. The start date is for January 2019 with interviews for a temporary/long term position in the next month! We are seeking an ambitious English Teacher with high standards towards behaviour and a proven track record of good to outstanding teaching who is looking for a temporary role starting in January 2019 in the area of Twickenham, with an option to go permanent. Whether you are an experienced English teacher or an NQT who has just qualified, you should be confident in your ability to hit the ground running and continue the high level of learning achieved by the English department. The successful English Teacher will be pro-active and self-motivated, aspiring to be an outstanding practitioner if not already. You should be an innovative English Teacher with the ability to prepare lessons that ensure progression. If you are an enthusiastic and ambitious English Teacher looking for a new role, please send your CV immediately for consideration and we will be in touch to discuss if you fit our criteria. Please send your CV today! All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36515915/596911455"	"07/12/2018 09:06:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mB"	NA
"Maths Teacher Required for a PRU in Birmingham"	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher Required for a PRU in Birmingham"	"City, Birmingham - 100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Maths Teacher for a Pupil Referral Unit in Birmingham.  Are you looking for a new challenge? Are you a Maths Teacher/Instructor with experience working in SEND Schools with students who have challenging behavior? TeacherActive are working with a PRU/Pupil Referral Unit school in Birmingham to find an outstanding Maths Teacher or Instructor with experience of working alongside students in KS3 and KS4/Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4 to promote the accelerated learning of the students. The role will be to teach a small class of students who have been excluded from mainstream school in line with the National Curriculum. The successful Teacher/Instructor will need to be naturally engaging with a genuine passion for young people's learning. Excellent classroom management skills and a strong personality are also a must. Experience and strong knowledge of the National Curriculum is highly desirable. The successful candidate needs to be a Teacher who specialises in teaching Maths and have a minimum of 6 months experience of working in a classroom environment. Fantastic organisational and communication skills and the ability to build strong relationships with staff and students are also essential. It is important that you are able to identify areas of improvement required when working on a 1:1 basis. In return you will receive:*Good rates of pay*Working in a rewarding environment*Outstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way *Fantastic prospects of further long term work If this exciting opportunity sounds like something you would be interested in, or you would like to hear about any of our other exciting vacancies, then please contact Rachael at TeacherActive ASAP on or forward your CV to  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"JS3561_36783717/599521827"	"07/12/2018 09:04:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kU"	NA
"Science Teacher - Liverpool"	"95.00 - 155.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Liverpool"	"Unspecified"	"Science Teacher - Liverpool"	"City, Liverpool - 95.00 - 155.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Science Teacher - Liverpool Academics are currently working with a number of GOOD secondary schools based in Liverpool.  We are currently recruiting a Science Teacher to work in our Liverpool schools on a Full time basis. This role is due to start January 2019! Do you have? *QTS *Experience of teaching Science to GCSE within a secondary school environment *The ability to plan, prepare and deliver outstanding and engaging lessons *Excellent classroom and behaviour management *Experience of supporting year 11 pupils through their GCSE's If you do APPLY TODAY! In return, academics can offer you *Excellent rates of pay *A variety of teaching opportunities *Access to permanent positions If this sounds like a role that suits you, then please submit your CV or call Roxanne on to arrange your registration appointment at our Hooton office.  All successful applicants are subject to standard safeguarding and employment checks including a face to face interview and DBS check. Academics Ltd is an employment business.  "	"City, Liverpool, UK"	"Education"	NA	"95.00 - 155.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36517309/596922728"	"06/12/2018 07:03:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEy"	NA
"Business Teacher"	"60.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Sunderland"	"Unspecified"	"Business Teacher"	"City, Sunderland - 60.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Business Teacher - SunderlandThe Education Network is currently working in partnership with a reputable Secondary School in Sunderland in search of a Teacher of English. The role is initially temporary from January - July, however there is an opportunity for the successful candidate to be extended or appointed on school contract.The school is known for being one of the most reputable in the LEA and the successful candidate will be joining a dedicated, passionate and committed department. In order to be successful in your application you must be confident and experienced in teaching Business at KS3-4, any experience of KS5 teaching would be advantageous.Requirements for this role:- QTS or other UK recognised Teaching qualification.- Experience teaching Business at KS3-4- Excellent behaviour management skills- A degree in a relevant subject.- Experience in the classroom-Have strong interpersonal skills in order to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students.- Have excellent organisational and time management skills.The Education Network has become first choice for secondary schools across the region for both daily and long term supply cover. We also work with our client schools on exclusive permanent recruitment opportunities not advertised anywhere else.We have developed a unique CPD programme for our teachers and support staff and you could also benefit from the ongoing training we provided to all our staff free of charge as and when the courses are released thought the course of the academic year.The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance + standards. Any appointment will be subject to stringent checks including referencing and an enhanced DBS check. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"City, Sunderland, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"The Education Network"	"The Education Network"	"JS3561_36764937/598103199"	"06/12/2018 07:02:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEV"	NA
"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher -Birmingham - JANUARY 2019Are you a science teacher looking for a position in Birmingham for January 2019? Academics Ltd is supporting one of the best schools in Birmingham and has an exciting opportunity to recruit a qualified science teacher for the academic year.We have a role available for an enthusiastic science teacher to start in January 2019. The school is looking for a confident science teacher with good communication skills; strong behaviour management skills and someone who is passionate about helping kids achieve their full potential.The roleYou will be a qualified and experienced science teacher looking to teach a KS3 - 5 class. An exciting opportunity for you to play a vital role in teaching and helping students improve and achieve academically.The job role includes:Plan work in accordance with departmental schemes of work and national curriculum programmes of studySet appropriate and challenging science work for all pupils in KS3 & KS4 classKeep appropriate records of pupils' workComplete pupil reports in line with school policy.Developing and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning in sciencePlan and deliver science lessons to an excellent standardAssessing and marking science work and assignmentsmonitor students' progression and raise attainment levelsAbility to plan engaging science lessons using numerous learning methodsBe dedicated and enthusiasticRequirementsResilient, driven and self motivatedScience related Degree and UK Teaching qualification (QTS,PGCE)NQT Science TeacherExperience in teaching trilogy AQA science is advantageousUK classroom experienceAbility to plan engaging lessons using numerous learning methodsAvailable full time from January 2019Able to travel around BirminghamValid DBS or willingness to obtain oneDesirableAt least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolProven and relevant experience of teaching KS3 - 5 scienceNQT science Teacher or QTS science TeacherAdditionally you will benefit from:Joining a supportive and thriving departmentNQT's will receive a lot support on inductionCareer progression opportunitiesCompetitive SalaryIf you are willing to go the extra mile to provide an outstanding education to fantastic children, then we would welcome your application to this science teacher position.Please send your CV to  or CALL  "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSB49B9301/600698526"	"09/12/2018 13:02:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT25"	NA
"Reception Teacher - February 2019 start"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reception Teacher - February 2019 start"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Role:- Reception Class TeacherLocation: HackneyOfsted: Outstanding OfstedStart Date:- End of February 2019 Salary:- M1-M6 Inner London Benefits; Excellent CPD opportunities can be offeredAn outstanding Ofsted rated school in Hackney London is seeking a Reception Teacher to join their school from the end of February 2019. As Reception class teacher in this school you will have pleasure of working with a diverse team of teachers that take great pride in making this school a stimulating and inspiring place for pupils and staff to work. The school is located within the heart of East London. We are working with the head teachers and governors to recruit a teacher that is:able to raise and sustain standardshas excellent interpersonal skills and enjoys working with pupils, staff and parentshas excellent curriculum knowledgeis able to enthuse and inspire childrencan contribute to a professional and committed teamHas a creative approach to their teaching methodsWe can offer:supportive, motivated colleaguesenthusiastic pupils and supportive parentshighly supportive and enthusiastic mentora diverse and vibrant community schoolThe school is urging both newly qualified and experienced teachers to apply for this exciting chance to be a Reception Class Teacher at their school.If you meet the criteria below, please send your CV ASAP to Cara at Reeson EducationTeachers applying for this role, must hold the following:A Recognised Teaching Qualification with QTSIdeally previous experience of working within a Reception classTwo Teaching Related ReferencesA recent CRB or DBS"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS0634A436/600718845"	"10/12/2018 07:09:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJO"	NA
"Science Teacher (Chemistry)"	"GBP"	"Knowsley, Merseyside"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Science Teacher (Chemistry)"	"Knowsley, Merseyside - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Science Teacher with a Specialism in Chemistry looking for full time work from January?Teaching Personnel are working on behalf of a catholic secondary school in the Knowsley area who have a need for a Science teacher with a specialism in Chemistry on a long term basis with a view to a permanent position for the right candidate.The role is a January 2019 start, working full time within the schools Science department. The timetable consists of KS3 General Science and GCSE Chemistry teaching, previous experience is required for any interested applicants. You may on occasion be asked to cover other lessons within the department; planning and set work will be provided along with the department's full support.The role:- KS3/4 Science teacher (Chemistry), full time position - Start: January 2019- Supportive department with excellent facilities- Allocated planning/PPA time- Salary negotiable (dependant on experience)- School situated in Knowsley, Merseyside - The school is easy accessible from the M57 & M58 motorways and has close public transport linksThe school is a mixed Roman Catholic High School, working with pupils across years 7 - 11 and is currently going through a transitional period. Due to facilities and core subject status, Science is a subject with good pupil interest, the school are happy to consider all experience levels from interested Science teachers, full support provided for newly qualified teachers.Requirements:- PGCE/QTSAll pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Knowsley, Merseyside, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSFC6F7B62/582753972"	"05/12/2018 16:19:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo6N"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"45k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"RE Teacher"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - 45k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"RE Teacher required for January or February Half-Term Start at Ofsted 'Good' School in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire * Teacher of RE KS3 & KS4 * 'Good' School in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire * Maternity Contract * Supportive HOD * NQTs and Experienced Teachers Encouraged to Apply * January or February Half-Term Start Our client, an Ofsted 'Good' school based in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, are seeking to appoint a Teacher of RE for a maternity cover from January. They are happy to look at teachers available from February Half-Term too. The vacancy has occurred due a maternity leave. There may well be a permanent role for September 2019 but there is no guarantee yet. The school is located near to an over ground station with a fairly easy commute in to London. It is also situated close to nearby bus stations and has a fantastic public transport network. If you are a trainee teacher of RE or experienced RE teacher seeking a new opportunity either for January or February Half-Term, then please do get in contact. To apply for this role please send your CV to Dan Brown at Dunbar Education. "	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"45k Annual 00 GBP"	"DUNBAR EDUCATION RECRUITMENT LIMITED"	"DUNBAR EDUCATION RECRUITMENT LIMITED"	"JS3561_36565759/599801325"	"08/12/2018 09:05:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDZ9"	NA
"Business Teacher"	"+ £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Business Teacher"	"Southwark, London - + £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a qualified Business Teacher to join our supportive and talented team at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich.  We are looking for someone who will: Support the Faculty Director in continuing to deliver our vision of an outstanding, inclusive academy with the highest standards of teaching, learning and pupil progress. Contribute to raising standards of student attainment and to monitor the effectiveness of learning and teaching within the Faculty. The successful applicant will be resilient, creative and a dynamic practitioner, and must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant degree. You will be fully supported through a comprehensive Induction Programme both within and across the Harris Federation. For NQTs, we provide our highly successful Harris Federation NQT programme where you will train alongside other NQTs from across the Federation. This enables aspiring teachers to support and learn from each other, in the true collaborative spirit of Harris. There is a structure of support and challenge with customised professional learning, and every NQT has a professional mentor. Teachers with the Harris Federation receive a generous benefits package, including a Harris Allowance on top of MPS/UPS, performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich: Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich opened in September 2009 and is judged Outstanding by Ofsted. Our vision is clear: nothing is impossible and everything is possible, irrespective of personal characteristics or background. Every problem has a solution. We believe we are more robust, resilient and determined as a team than as a group of individuals. We support, challenge and hold each other to account at all levels within the academy to ensure that our students achieve their potential, are motivated, engaged and fully prepared for life beyond our academy. The academy's specialisms are Enterprise and Sport with a 'can-do' ethos of always improving upon your personal best. We have now reached our full capacity of 750 students across Years 7 to 11 and we work in partnership with Harris Federation Post 16. In 2017, we achieved a Progress 8 score of +0.73, which places us in the top 6% of schools nationally. Why work at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich? The number seven boys' comprehensive school for student progress, which has been in the top 6% for student progress every year for the past five years Judged 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, we combine the traditional values of discipline, respect and good behaviour with contemporary best practice in teaching, learning and technology A superb group of students, teachers and support staff, led by an exceptionally experienced and supportive leadership team Excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Generous Harris rewards and benefits For a full job description and person specification, please download the Applicant Pack at our website via the button below.  For more information, or to arrange a visit or a confidential discussion with the Principal, please contact the academy on . Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"JS3573_6822495/599154176"	"07/12/2018 09:09:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o1"	NA
"Lead Maths Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Lead Maths Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"* Lead Maths Teacher Vacancy * Fantastic Independent Secondary School in East London * Long term * Full-time An Independent Secondary school based in East London are seeking to appoint a dynamic, qualified Maths Teacher to lead the department. They are looking for someone who is able to plan and deliver engaging lessons across Key stage 3 and 4. This particular school is held in high regard by the local community and has a reputation for success and student attainment. This post would be suitable for experienced Teachers who have previously led a department Requirements: To teach Maths at Key stage 3 and 4Secure outstanding attainment and progress at all key stages.Provide extra-curricular support for pupils to ensure outstanding achievement and progress for exam groups and promote enjoyment and participation in the subject for non-exam groups. Show flexibility, innovation and intelligence in responding to the needs of the pupils and Academy as a whole.The ideal candidate will have: A recognised teaching qualificationA current DBSA confident and friendly approachA strong background in MathsExperience in leading a departmentActive Recruitment LTD is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All applicants are subject to a satisfactory enhanced check by the Disclosure and Barring Service (previously the Criminal Records Bureau) and at least two independent references. We are an Equal Opportunities employer. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36497783/596926571"	"07/12/2018 09:07:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2m5"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher Wanted: Are you a talented Teacher looking for an exciting new challenge from January 2019? Would you love to become Business Studies Teacher at an amazing School with Sixth Form in Hemel Hempstead that offer unrivalled professional development, support from SLT and where students love the subject? Well, Educatus Recruitment might have the perfect post for you starting January 2019! @ Business Studies Teacher @ NQTs Welcome @ Creative Faculty @ Permanent Post, January 2019 Start @ MPS/UPS £25,000 - £42,000 @ Thriving location in Hemel Hempstead @ Inspirational SLT @ Excellent Career Development Available @ KS5 Business Studies Popular A talented Business Studies Teacher is required at a top school in Hemel Hempstead, one that is going through some exciting developments and expanding, Interested? They are searching for a creative Business Studies Teacher who can inspire students and support a strong department. Can you help? THE SCHOOL: Located in Hemel Hempstead this thriving secondary school & sixth form is a popular choice for parents. Business Studies is a thriving department with excellent resources and facilities and recently the school has seen fantastic progression in results thanks to some innovative teaching & learning. The school has a first class CPD programme for those teachers who really wish to excel, and leadership eagerly promote within those who show ambition. THEY ARE LOOKING FOR: From January 2019 they are keen to secure an outstanding Business Studies Teacher. Ideally, they would like to recruit a dynamic teacher with excellent potential to grow within the school, a Business Studies Teacher who can make a strong impact on this successful department. With big expansion plans afoot, the school would welcome a Business Studies Teacher who is committed to providing a passionate and innovative approach to this department, and with plenty of KS5 teaching on offer, this is a great opportunity for someone to make an impact. THEY CAN OFFER: As Business Studies Teacher this school will give the successful candidate full autonomy within the department to be as creative and innovative with regards to teaching & learning. This role comes at an exciting time for the school as they look to grow and expand and SLT will give the successful candidate access to some excellent professional development. So, if you'd like to become Business Studies Teacher at this thriving Hemel Hempstead school, get in touch with Educatus Recruitment ASAP. HOW TO APPLY: If you're a truly outstanding Business Studies Teacher in the making, and you'd like to be considered for this Business Studies Teacher post in Hemel Hempstead get in touch ASAP. Email a CV & Covering letter to Nigel Horne at Educatus Recruitment today. "	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"JS3561_36778516/599121669"	"07/12/2018 09:05:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lU"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Sevenoaks, Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Sevenoaks, Kent - 35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher in Sevenoaks, KentRikama Education are currently looking for a Business Studies Teacher to work in Sevenoaks on a permanent basis from January/February 2019 your day to day duties will include: Classroom management Compiling and updating individual learning plans for students Teaching Business Studies to KS3, KS4.KS5, GCSE, A-Level, BTEC Marking and planning for all lessons Lead a strong and supportive team Maintaining and improving the academic results of their studentsTo be considered for this exciting Business Studies Teacher role, you will need the following experience: Hold qualified teaching status -QTS Have previous experience teaching the UK curriculum Have strong classroom management skills Have strong knowledge of the KS3, KS4 and KS5 curriculum Must work well with staff and pupils alike Experience teaching Business Studies up to BTEC Or A LevelOur client is looking for a Business Studies Teacher to join a busy team to support and develop students.They are a creative school where all students flourish and make exceptional progress resulting in an Very Good' ofsted report. The staff are dedicated and passionate to inspire the students to be the best they can be. The school helps students develop a range of transferable skills such as teamwork, leadership, independence, communication, and time management. The SLT team within the school is supportive of the staff and operates an open-door' policy, looking to staff to contribute towards ideas.If you are interested in applying to this Business Studies opportunity, please click apply now below "	"Sevenoaks, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Rikama Education Ltd"	"Rikama Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36314543/598331950"	"07/12/2018 09:05:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lR"	NA
"Dynamic Class Teacher"	"664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Dynamic Class Teacher"	"London - 664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Dynamic Class Teacher *January 2019 *Permanent contract *Wandsworth  Do you have the skills to teach the next generation?  We are working with a dynamic and thriving primary school that has a creative approach to education.  Are you an experienced teacher with a proven record of raising achievement?   Are you a NQT with a passion for teaching and learning?   Do you feel you can make a significant contribution to this school's on-going success?  We are looking for a dynamic class teacher to join this school's ever increasing team. The successful dynamic class teacher will:  Be innovative and creative in their teaching strategies Be open to work collaboratively Recognise the varying needs of the children The school can offer:  A caring and supportive whole school communityA supportive, warm and welcoming atmosphereHappy, enthusiastic and well behaved childrenA commitment to your on-going professional development We welcome applications from prospective dynamic class teachers. To express your interest, please contact Nurani by emailing  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36546717/598325801"	"07/12/2018 09:05:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lB"	NA
"NQT - Secondary Teacher - Outstanding School - North London"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"NQT - Secondary Teacher - Outstanding School - North London"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"NQT Secondary Teacher - Enfield  Are you looking to relocate to London in September 2019 and would like to secure a role before Christmas? We are recruiting for an extraordinary expanding secondary school that are seeking NQT Teachers in all subjects!  *NQT Teacher position in North London*Excellent CPD/weekly coaching*Position starting in September 2019!*Competitive salary + Benefits The School- Outstanding in all features!- History of supporting NQTs through induction and RQT year- Excellent behaviour policy- CPD, weekly coaching and fast progression into management  The NQT Role- Successful School, great GCSE and A-Level results- Opportunities to assist A-Level classes to prepare you for sixth form teaching- Lots of extra-curricular! Have a passion for something? Create your own club! The Ideal NQT- Desire to be an outstanding teacher- Keen to go the extra mile for both pupils and colleagues - A desire to contribute to extra-curricular with your own club!- Passion for high standards of education If you are looking for an exciting, trend-setting secondary school in Enfield where you can hone your teaching skills and move your career in the right direction, this Science Teacher NQT post is the position you have been waiting for. Click 'Apply now' to send your CV to Sophie Kelly at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36783233/599522291"	"07/12/2018 09:04:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kw"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Food Technology Teacher Janaury or ASAP Start! Academics is searching for a Food Technology Teacher required to start ASAP at a secondary school based in North London. The role will be start ASAP or in January 2019 What we need from you Qualified teacher Status (QTS) or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationBe passionate and energeticNQTs are welcome to applyA valid DBSThe right to work in the UKApply Today! Call Ben Email  "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36777474/599120063"	"07/12/2018 07:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Fp"	NA
"Science Teacher required for All-boys faith school in NW London"	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Science Teacher required for All-boys faith school in NW London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an Science Teacher to work at an all-boys Faith (within the SEN department) school located in North West London to start in ASAP on a perm basis. Science is an intriguing and fascinating subject. If you have the knowledge and are keen to share this with young people then this teaching role in a popular secondary school will be of great interest. The role itself is will involve teaching Small classes of around ten students. All classrooms are equipped with brand new equipment. You will be required to keep up-to-date with new trends and educational developments in the world of Science which should be used as a basis for your teaching. Your passion, enthusiasm and knowledge of the subject will help you lead the next generation of Science experts. You must demonstrate: QTS or QTLS ideally but unqualified will be consideredExperience of teaching general Science successfully at secondary levelExcellent subject knowledge and a passion for ScienceAble to teach Chemistry, Physics and Biology to KS4Flexibility, resilience and excellent organisational skillsAn ability to be a strong team playerOpen To working with small classes of around 10 students with different SEN needsTo apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address: or register on-line at . We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of exceptional secondary schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36523950/596918244"	"06/12/2018 07:02:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvD2"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Walton-on-thames, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Walton-on-thames, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a strong Physical Education Teacher looking for a new role?Can you teach KS3-KS4 Physical Education?Do you have experience supporting those with social, emotional and mental health difficulties?Teaching Personnel are looking to appoint a Physical Education Teacher on behalf of a client school in Walton-On-Thames. The school provides education for children and young people aged between 11-16 years who have a diagnosis of social, emotional and mental health difficulties and associated disorders.They are looking to appoint a Secondary Teacher of Physical Education with an excellent knowledge of the KS3 and KS4 PE curriculum. Experience teaching students at GCSE level is essential and knowledge of SEN would be desirable.The ideal candidate would also be:Trustworthy and reliableCalm, patient and empatheticWell organised and efficientCompetent in classroom practice and delivery to ensure all pupils are engaged and learningAble to work as a member of a team, providing motivation and support for colleaguesThis post offers either a newly qualified teacher or an experienced teacher the opportunity to develop their professional expertise.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Walton-on-thames, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSD6B95020/592977564"	"05/12/2018 10:56:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlmPd"	NA
"ICT Teacher - 3 days a week"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"ICT Teacher - 3 days a week"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for an ICT teacher to teach within a high-achieving all-girls school on a part-time basis (3 days a week) from January 2019. This is a part-time post teaching ICT across key stages 3 & 4 until the end of the academic year in the first instance. The school has a longstanding history of academic excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to an Outstanding Ofsted report. This school has an extremely prestigious reputation and is an excellent place to work both in terms of students and staff members. To be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an outstanding all-girls school based in the heart of London. The school has an academic history of excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to state of the art facilities. This over-subscribed school has four applicants for ever space available and boasts a brilliant reputation within the local community. All in all this is an excellent school to work within both in terms of students and staff members.The School was judged to be 'outstanding' by OFSTED in March 2009 and November 2005. We are proud of our ethos of continual self-improvement, which characterises every aspect of our rich and culturally diverse school. In 2012 the school was named amongst the top 100 non-selective schools, in recognition of excellent attainment and progress of our students at KS4. In March 2008 the school was designated a High Performing Specialist School and our Training School initiative was launched in September 2008, building on our passion for excellent teaching and learning as well as our commitment to our language specialism and international ethos.Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.SalaryMPS/UPSApplicationTo be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible. "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS92E7846D/599178653"	"07/12/2018 07:06:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2JA"	NA
"English Teacher Required For A Good School In Dorking"	"GBP"	"Dorking, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"English Teacher Required For A Good School In Dorking"	"Dorking, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description An Ofsted 'Good' School in the Dorking area require a full time English Teacher to join there already successful team. The role will include planning and preparation and you would be required to teach across KS3-KS4, with the potential of having to teach at KS5 as well. The school are looking for someone to start ASAP - all applications are welcome. Our mission: educating for life in all its fullnessAt our School we strive to inspire, guide and support every member of our community towards being the best person they can be. We challenge ourselves daily to improve who we are and what we do, acknowledging that we will need to work hard together to achieve this. We are committed to creating a happy, secure and purposeful school environment in which everyone can develop and grow intellectually, academically, socially and spiritually. We want to enrich the lives of all members of our school by providing a wealth of stimulating opportunities that allow us to flourish through our levels of confidence, self-belief and self-worth so that we are fully equipped to deal practically and emotionally with whatever our future holds, both in school and beyond its gates.Requirements:Relevant Teaching QualificationExperience teaching English from KS3-KS4, KS5 desirableHigh expectations for all students and a willingness to help them succeedEffective team working to support all teachers, support staff and outside agenciesWhat Teaching Personnel can offer:Excellent pay ratesWeekly payDedicated consultantCPD development and trainingCash rewards for referralsIf you feel you are suited for the above role then please call me today to discuss this further- Matthew Handcock  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and welfare of children. All candidates applying to jobs through Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure via DBS-Full assistance provided (AGY) All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Dorking, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSFEEB84D1/600698628"	"09/12/2018 13:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT3H"	NA
"Maths Teacher- Temp to Perm- Hillingdon"	"500.00 - 33.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Ruislip, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher- Temp to Perm- Hillingdon"	"Ruislip, Middlesex - 500.00 - 33.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"The school has a long standing history of excellence and pupils are keen to learn which makes teaching for any teacher a dream at this school. The school has large parking facilities for you and teachers tend to arrive at this school for 8.20am. To be considered for this role:- Qualified teacher status gained by PGCE, GTP or schools direct. UK Naric converted qualifications are all accepted.- Previous experience working within a secondary school environment based in the UK will also be necessary for this role.The key benefits of working with Simply Education are:- Your own personal consultants that will help support you throughout your placement.-Competitive pay rates (Pay can be negotiated depending on experience)-Access to online lesson resources-CPD courses that are conducted by our Educational development managers who - are X educational professionals.-In school support and access to mentors to help you with advice, or guidance. You are never alone.All successful candidates will be required to undergo relevant safeguarding checks including full applications form and an enhanced DBS with a barred list where appropriate. "	"Ruislip, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"500.00 - 33.5k Annual 00 GBP"	"Simply Education Ltd"	"Simply Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36794452/600488943"	"10/12/2018 07:03:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgD5"	NA
"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"110.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"City, Birmingham - 110.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"MFL - French Language Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019! Are you looking for a position to start in January 2019? Academics Ltd (one of the top 10 education Agencies nationwide) is supporting a 'good' secondary school in Birmingham with recruiting enthusiastic French teachers. We are looking for qualified & experienced French teachers to fill these positions urgently. This position requires organisation and confidence when working day to day, on a short term basis and long term roles. If you are a graduate who is also looking to get into teaching, this would be a great opportunity to gain some work experience in a mainstream secondary environment. It would also be good to see if teaching is the right career for you. The school itself is well known and would offer great support for new employees when working there. This is a brilliant opportunity to experience a secondary education setting. You will be looking to be teaching French to a KS3 & 4. Job Role Supervising young people in KS3 & KS4 in the classroomRegistrationsLead French classes when the teacher is not presentResponding to student queries about the work setDealing with any student emergencies (in accordance to the school policy) that may occurDeveloping and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning Job Requirements Reliability and flexibilityExcellent time-managementLeadership skillsValid DBSA French degree or in a relevant subjectQualification (QTS/PGCE) is desirableAvailable to start in January 2019Be able to travel around BirminghamAt least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolWe are expecting our staff to work between 3-5 days a week on a competitive rate of salary. All candidates are welcome for this role. It involves varied work which could be very rewarding as you would be working with the younger generation and helping them achieve their very best. This may be your perfect opportunity you. Please send your CV to OR CALL for an immediate interview! "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36766157/598101604"	"06/12/2018 07:03:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvFO"	"Graduate"
"History teacher - Twickenham £150 - £200 a day"	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"History teacher - Twickenham £150 - £200 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Location: Twickenham Salary: £120-£225 per day Job Type: Full Time, Long Term Subject: History Start date: January 2019 Are you a qualified History Teacher looking for a new opportunity? Teaching Personnel are seeking an established History teacher who is looking for a great career opportunity with a chance to excel within an excellent Humanities department. The College offer an exceptional support network for the suitable candidate. Can you deliver History to students that have a strong interest in learning? We are looking for a Geography teacher with experience of teaching the full age range from KS3-KS5 to start in January 2019. You will be joining a thriving Humanities department, where students all achieve high results at GCSE. The successful candidate will have the ability to teach Geography across the full age range, preferably including AS and A Level. You will be passionate about your subject with excellent curriculum knowledge and able to motivate and inspire your pupils. If you are a proactive and enthusiastic History teacherlooking for a new role in the new academic year, please forward your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel today for consideration.  The suitable candidate will have the following skills;  Be able to inspire and motivateKeen to progress and developHave excellent subject knowledgeExcellent team playerProvide new and innovative ideas for the facultyMinimum of 1 years' experienceLocation: Twickenham Salary: £120-£225 per day Job Type: Full Time, Long Term Subject: History Start date: January 2019 All candidates must possess a recognised Teaching Qualification (PGCE, QTS, BEd. or equivalent). All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36518185/596908116"	"05/12/2018 12:42:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnAX"	NA
"KS1 Teacher - January Start"	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 Teacher - January Start"	"London - 48k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This fantastic school is seeking to appoint a Year Group Leader across Year 1, 2 and 3 from January 2019, who will also teach a small class of KS2 students. In the heart of the culturally diverse borough of Brent are seeking an experienced and dynamic teacher to join their Leadership Team from January on a full time and permanent basis. This School aims to inspire and challenge pupils to instil a life-long love of learning through an innovative and creative curriculum. Their outstanding teachers provide pupils with a broad curriculum, which develops critical thinking and enquiry skills and encourages pupils to use their imagination as they explore both the academic and extra-curricular offerings at the school. This position will be integral to the school as it continues to expands. As a middle leader you will have responsibility of leading the 3 year groups and helping to shape the curriculum from Years 1 to 3, as well as having an impact across the wider school. This is a three form entry primary school. The successful candidate will play an important role in developing the KS1 and KS2 team during a period of raising standards and be a pivotal member of the school staff team. Essential Requirements: - Experience within middle management - Be an outstanding practitioner with a PGCE, Bachelor of Education or equivalent - Ability to use your passion and commitment to make a real difference for the children in this school - Have the creativity and drive to support this newly established school as it expands further. In return the school can offer: - A committed and friendly team already achieving excellence in their lower school and aiming for the same as it expands into KS2 - The support of an established KS1/2 team - Children who are well behaved, happy and eager to learn - A commitment to high quality professional development - A supportive and encouraging senior management team. Next Steps: The school are looking to interview candidates ASAP and so are accepting applications from now onwards with the view to interview in the coming weeks. If you feel that you are a strong Key Stage 1 (KS1) or Key Stage 2 (KS2) teacher ready for the next step in your career or looking for a new challenge in a school with an exciting and bright future then send your CV through to Ruby at Reeson Education or call directly to find out more. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36534503/597179651"	"06/12/2018 07:02:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEK"	NA
"Sheffield Teacher (Talent Pool)"	"GBP"	"Sheffield"	"Permanent"	"Sheffield Teacher (Talent Pool)"	"Sheffield - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are recruiting!The Supply Register is the modern way of working for modern supply teachers and support staff.Do you want to be the first to see jobs? Be able to accept/reject job? Manage your own availability? Have all your compliance and admin in one place? Our web based technology platform can do that for you, leaving you free time to do other things you want to do.We will build you a free profile, which holds all your compliance documents, timesheets and bookings in one place. This can be accessed via desktop or mobile at your convenience. Then you are free to accept/reject jobs, be the first to know about jobs, build direct relationships with schools, update your availability day-by-day and receive a better rate of pay.We are currently working with a Primary Academy Trust in the Sheffield area who are seeking to build a bank of good to outstanding qualified Teachers. NQT's will also be considered. The ideal candidate will: . Be a qualified primary teacher with a record of delivering good and outstanding lessons across KS1 and/or KS2 (NQT's will also be considered) . Have evidence of supporting students to make or exceed expected progress.. Have an excellent record of forging positive relationships with students to encourage learning. Have a resilient character and a strong personal drive. Have an exemplary attendance record The Role: . To deliver outstanding teaching and learning to help students achieve their best across KS1 and/or KS2. The ability to design engaging and fun lessons that inspire students Key Responsibilities:. To ensure that students are safe and provided with an environment that allows them to take risks in their learning and become lifelong learners. To plan, resource and deliver challenging, varied and differentiated lessons. To help to establish and maintain exemplary student behaviour for learning. To contribute to the effective working of the wider school. To meet all aspects of the Professional Teaching Standards Qualification Criteria:. QTS/NQT. 6 or more weeks recent classroom experience. Eligibility to work in the UK. Holds an enhanced DBS on the update service If you're interested in the positions and would like to join The Supply Register free of charge please click apply or call the office for further infromation.  "	"Sheffield, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"The Supply Register Ltd"	"The Supply Register Ltd"	"JS2DD9468C/599779253"	"08/12/2018 11:06:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDiP"	NA
"Hampshire Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Hampshire Science Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher required in Emsworth - January start or soonerAn opportunity for a Fully Qualified Teacher of Science has arisen in a Hampshire School near to Emsworth. The position is temporary with the view to become permanent for the right candidate. This is a full time position although the school are willing to consider a role share. Applicants should have the ability to teach the Sciences up to a GCSE level across a wide range of mixed ability classes.In its most recent Ofsted, the school retained its \"Good\" status with particular praise for its staffs attention on attainment and focus within all lessons, and their ability to keep students engaged and on task. The school is a Local Education Authority School with students from a range of backgrounds and beliefs. The school consistently provides excellent opportunities within its curriculum, drawing on experiences from previous years and allowing staff to be innovative and creative within their planning and delivery. With strong focus on progress and attainment scores, the school is committed to bridging the gap in its core subjects.The role is within a well resourced department who strive for excellence. With its modern facilities, teachers can deliver lessons that capture pupils attention and allow them to explore science in great depth. The department boasts teachers from varying backgrounds and levels of experience and are encouraged to collaborate to create the best learning environments and lessons for its students.The ideal candidate will be;A fully Qualified Teacher with UK QTS or equivalentPassionate about the SciencesAble to teach Chemistry, Biology and Physics up to GCSE, ideally with specialism in one subjectAble to bring innovative and creative ideas to the roleA positive role model for staff and studentsWilling to work cohesively to plan lessonsAble to provide excellent feedback verbally and written to pupilsTeaching Personnel can offer;Weekly pay on a PAYE basisAccess to discounted CPD to continue to develop your careerGreat exposure to schools in your areaInterview and trial preparationDedicated education consultant specialising in your areaFlexible working hours and conditionsIf you are interested in the role or others we have in Hampshire, please click \"Apply\" to upload your CV, or contact Kate at Teaching Personnel: All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSB6B9853F/599159989"	"07/12/2018 09:10:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2pV"	NA
"Year 2 Teacher Croydon"	"663.00 - 41801.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Thornton Heath, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Year 2 Teacher Croydon"	"Thornton Heath, Surrey - 663.00 - 41801.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Primary Croydon Year 2 Teacher Are you looking to for a January start? Are you looking to work with a school which is at the heart of its community? Are you ambitious and ready to make an impact? Academics are working with a school in Croydon that is looking to appoint a new year 2 Primary teacher. Year 2 TeacherJanuary startMinimum 1 year experienceFull timeCroydon2 form entryGood OfstedThis is a great opportunity to work at a school that is at the centre of the Croydon communities needs. The school has earned a great reputation for working for the wider needs of this diverse community. Working with the community and parents the school has struck a great balance which has created a lovely environment where children can thrive. Requirements: At least 1 years teaching experience: so for this role NQTs will not be considered.Preferably teaching experience in year 2 or Key stage 1.Comfortable working with SENA strong knowledge of the UK curriculumeligibility to work in the UKStrong knowledge of phonicsThis school has a great set up with its PPA which is shared out between the year group teachers. They also have a wonderful scheme which gives every teacher a day to plan for the following half term. With these flexible schemes it is no wonder that the school does very well in retaining its staff. These supportive actions allow each teacher to develop themselves and achieve their full potential. The class you would be joining will also have an experienced teaching assistant that will work with the class every morning. The class also has some pupils with some mild SEN requirements so a teacher must be adept in tailoring education to help these pupils. The school have requested that a teacher in this class has a good knowledge of phonics to help with reading and spelling in the class. Interviews will start ASAP so make sure you get your CVs in quick to be considered: Apply through the academics website or send you CV to  If you have any questions then call in on and ask for Adam, Primary- Teacher- QTS- Year 2- Croydon- Experience- Challenge "	"Thornton Heath, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"663.00 - 41801.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36497723/596926377"	"06/12/2018 07:01:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvDG"	NA
"RE Teacher Hampshire"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher Hampshire"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description RE Teacher in EmsworthAre you a passionate RE teacher looking for your next role?A school just outside of Emsworth in Hampshire are looking for a full time RE teacher to join them on a temporary basis. This is a fantastic opportunity to expand your teaching experience in a large Academy School where the humanities department is in high demand due to its growing popularity. The School is set in large grounds with fantastic facilities for its pupils and staff. Opportunities at the school are vast and range from overseas educational trips to leadership training opportunities for pupils. Staff are highly encourage to collaborate across departments and across partnership academy schools in order to achieve the best outcomes through sharing best teaching practise. With a diverse background of students, RE is a subject that can produce many educational discussions drawing on past experiences of pupils and their home lives. RE is growing in popularity and candidates should have great subject knowledge and be willing to teach up to a GCSE level.Applicants must hold UK QTS or equivalentApplicants must be passionate about their subjectAll applicants need to have and enhanced DBS certificate on the update serviceApplicants should have undertaken recent safeguarding training or be willing to do soIf you are interested in this role or wish to hear more about Teaching Personnel, please send your CV by clicking \"apply\" or send your CV All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSCACE4C56/599779438"	"11/12/2018 09:18:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmsyY"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Studies Teacher for a January start!An Academy School close to Emsworth are looking for a Teacher to join their Business Studies department in the new year. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a successful Multi-Academy Trust with great collaboration across its schools. The Business Studies department is an inventive and fun subject area that continuously creates projects within its curriculum to inspire the students and give them real life experiences. This is an opportunity not to be missed!Innovative business studies ideas should be expressed to the department in order to continue providing outstanding and unique experiences to the pupils. It is essential that you be willing to demonstrate and offer innovative ideas as this school really is looking to inspire its students to be business minded in their futures outside of educationYou will have UK QTS or equivalent and be eligible to teach in the UK. Experience is desirable although NQTs are welcome to apply with excellent subject knowledge.Full time is desirable although part time positions will be considered for the right applicant.To find out more about this role or other similar roles, please upload your CV via the \"Apply\" button, or call Kate for more information on All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS153B7903/592626638"	"10/12/2018 07:08:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIy"	NA
"EYFS Lead Teacher - Haringey"	"GBP"	"Haringey, London"	"Permanent"	"EYFS Lead Teacher - Haringey"	"Haringey, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description EYFS Lead TeacherAre you an ambitious and experienced early years teacher looking for the next step in your career?A successful primary school situated in the inner London Borough of Haringey is seeking to appoint a Reception teacher to take on a senior leadership position as EYFS Phase Leader from January 2019.Position Details:This is a class based position teaching a lovely Reception class however generous out of class planning and management time will be offered as well as a TLR. The Headteacher is looking to appoint an ambitious early years teacher with prior EYFS teaching experience.School Details:This is a well-established and high achieving primary school which has recently undergone refurbishment and facility upgrades to allow teachers to use all means necessary to deliver the highest quality of learning. Graded as 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, the staff team are committed and dedicated to progressing and developing this school even further. The school can offer:Opportunities and support for professional and personal development alongside a TLRA lively, exciting and creative environmentA great team of dedicated and committed staffRequirements:The successful candidate for this class based EYFS phase leader role will be an individual with clear passion for teaching and confidence in their abilities as a teacher and a leader. They will have a proven track record for delivering 'good' lessons within early years.We are looking for:A knowledgeable early years class teacher who will contribute to raising achievement and attainmentAn organised and inspirational EYFS teacher and leader, who can motivate pupils and staffExtensive EYFS teaching experienceThe school is very proud of the reputation it has built up within the local community for being a welcoming, friendly and fun school while maintaining teaching standards. The Headteacher is seeking to appoint a candidate who mirrors this ethos and has the ambition to participate actively in the further growth and development of the school.If you have the skills and experience listed above please don't delay in sending through your CV to Ruby at REESON Education. "	"Haringey, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSED66B9AF/599779451"	"08/12/2018 09:06:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDaf"	NA
"PPA Cover Teacher Nottingham"	"GBP"	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"PPA Cover Teacher Nottingham"	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description PPA Cover Teacher Wanted for January Start | Nottingham NG6One of our partner schools in the NG6 area of Nottingham have contacted us regarding sourcing a talented teacher to provide PPA support across Key Stage 2. The role is set to start in January and could well roll up until the end of the school year. This a great opportunity if you are seeking a varied role, as it will involve teaching a variety of classes across year 3,4,5 and 6. If this sounds like the ideal role for you, the school are hoping to interview as soon as possible. Shortlisting criteria include:UK QTSMinimum of two years UK teaching experience, ideally including at least a year of KS2 teachingA commitment to inclusion and diversityUp-to-date knowledge of the UK National Curriculum If you think this could be the role for you, please apply within with an up to date CV to be considered for it. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS8FAED61C/599159920"	"07/12/2018 09:08:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2nm"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"GBP"	"Barnet, London"	"Permanent"	"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"Barnet, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Food Technology Teacher Janaury or ASAP Start! Academics is searching for a Food Technology Teacher required to start ASAP at a secondary school based in North London.The role will be start ASAP or in January 2019What we need from youQualified teacher Status (QTS) or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationBe passionate and energeticNQTs are welcome to applyA valid DBSThe right to work in the UKApply Today! Call Ben Email  "	"Barnet, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS5306E324/599160064"	"06/12/2018 17:06:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glyba"	NA
"Design & Technology Teacher Required in Bristol - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Wiltshire"	"Permanent"	"Design & Technology Teacher Required in Bristol - January 2019"	"Wiltshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Design & Technology Teacher Required Bristol Secondary School - January 2019We are looking for a qualified teacher of Design & Technology to teach Design & Technology at a successful Secondary school in Bristol from January 2019. This is a Full time Design & Technology teaching role as part of a long-term absence. At present the role does not include including planning and marking but this may change at later date. The role is expected to finish in July 2019 and the school welcomes applicants from NQTs as well as more experienced teachers of Design & technology. The timetable predominantly consists of Key Stage 3 classes but there may be the opportunity to teach at Key Stage 4. To be considered for this role you must:*Hold QTS status*Have a thorough and in-depth knowledge of the D&T curriculum across all Key Stages 3 and 4.*Have the ability to work collaboratively within a well-established, supportive and dynamic Technology DepartmentThe school is a large secondary school with just over 1300 pupils on roll and a growing Sixth Form. It gained academy status in January 2015 and they are about to begin the first phase of redevelopment of the school with new buildings being added.This school place a lot of emphasis on relationships between the staff and students alike and offer a high level of support to their staff. You will always be welcomed and inducted to the school by a member of the SLT. You will also benefit from an incredibly well structured support team within which there is always a member of each department and a member of the SLT on call each hour of the day who regularly check in lessons and are available to offer support if required. The department is well established, organised and will offer a high level of support to all of its department members.First impressions count for a lot at this school; they like staff to be punctual and adhere to a smart business attire. You will be expected to embrace their ethos and uphold their high expectations for behaviour.Monarch Education have a very established relationship with the school having previously placed staff into long-time roles within the school. It has a fantastic reputation within our staff who praise it's organisation, high standards and expectations. All applicants are required to provide two educational references, have a face to face interview and have a new DBS disclosure. Monarch Education has been awarded the REC Gold Standard to denote excellence in providing staff to schools. If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply online or email your cv through to Helen Needham on . Alternatively, earn £200 by referring a member of staff to us that would be interested in this role. "	"Wiltshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSC91C40DC/592977589"	"05/12/2018 17:23:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glpj4"	NA
"Primary Supply Teacher (York)"	"GBP"	"York"	"Permanent"	"Primary Supply Teacher (York)"	"York - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary School Supply TeacherAre you an experienced primary school teacher fed up with all the paperwork that teaching brings?Are you looking to have a better work/life balance?Would you like to build a wider knowledge of the primary schools in North Yorkshire?Or perhaps you are a newly qualified teacher looking to build your first years experience teaching in a number of primary schools and building knowledge of the UK curriculum?Whether you are an NQT or an experienced primary school teacher, Academics have the solution for you. Academics are on the hunt for reliable, motivated and flexible primary school teachers that are looking to work on a daily/short term basis within primary schools in York!Position: Primary School Supply TeacherStart Date: JanuaryRoles: Day to Day supply, short term and long term supply bookings availableLocation: York and surrounding areasSalary: £110 - £140 per dayAcademics are looking for strong primary school supply teachers who are seeking flexibility in the new academic year. We would love to her from primary teachers who are interested in joining us as supply teachers whether that is working on a day to day, short term or long term basis.Supply teaching would suit both newly qualified and experienced teachers as you will be able to choose the hours and days that you work.Academics offer:- A dedicated consultant who has great relationships with the schools- Great daily rates- Excellent in house CPD opportunities- Access to permanent teaching positions for September 2019- Local schools- Good and Outstanding schoolsPrimary School Supply Teacher Requirements:- QTS- 1 Year UK teaching experience- Knowledge of EYFS, KS1 & KS2 (can be through teacher training placements)- Flexible and motivated primary teachers who are passionate about education- Strong classroom management skills- Flexible & adaptable approach to work- Positive outlook- Innovative & resourceful teaching methodsWhy Supply Teaching?- Excellent work life balance- Flexibility to work as and when you want- Builds classroom experience- Provides permanent opportunities- Variety of schools and children- Great Professional DevelopmentShould Supply work be ticking the boxes for you then please get in contact with Isabelle today on/.co.uk or apply to this vacancy now! "	"York, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS1BA4E5AC/592626159"	"10/12/2018 07:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJ1"	NA
"Secondary Supply Teacher (York)"	"GBP"	"York"	"Permanent"	"Secondary Supply Teacher (York)"	"York - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Secondary School Supply TeacherAre you an experienced primary school teacher fed up with all the paperwork that teaching brings?Are you looking to have a better work/life balance?Would you like to build a wider knowledge of the secondary schools in York and surrounding areas?Or perhaps you are a newly qualified teacher looking to build your first years experience teaching in a number of secondary schools and building knowledge of the UK curriculum?Whether you are an NQT or an experienced primary school teacher, Academics have the solution for you. Academics are on the hunt for reliable, motivated and flexible primary school teachers that are looking to work on a daily/short term basis within primary schools in York!Position: Secondary School Supply TeacherStart Date: JanuaryRoles: Day to Day supply, short term and long term supply bookings availableLocation: YorkSalary: £120 - £160 per dayAcademics are looking for strong primary school supply teachers who are seeking flexibility in the new academic year. We would love to her from primary teachers who are interested in joining us as supply teachers whether that is working on a day to day, short term or long term basis.Supply teaching would suit both newly qualified and experienced teachers as you will be able to choose the hours and days that you work.Academics offer:- A dedicated consultant who has great relationships with the schools- Great daily rates- Excellent in house CPD opportunities- Access to permanent teaching positions for September 2019- Local schools- Good and Outstanding schoolsPrimary School Supply Teacher Requirements:- QTS- 1 Year UK teaching experience- Knowledge of KS3 & KS4 (can be through teacher training placements)- Flexible and motivated primary teachers who are passionate about education- Strong classroom management skills- Flexible & adaptable approach to work- Positive outlook- Innovative & resourceful teaching methodsWhy Supply Teaching?- Excellent work life balance- Flexibility to work as and when you want- Builds classroom experience- Provides permanent opportunities- Variety of schools and children- Great Professional DevelopmentShould Supply work be ticking the boxes for you then please get in contact with Isabelle today on/.co.uk or apply to this vacancy now! "	"York, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBC3978DE/592626233"	"10/12/2018 07:10:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJ0"	NA
"Year 5 Teacher"	"GBP"	"Newham, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Teacher"	"Newham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Year 5 Primary Teacher - Newham - January StartAcademics are currently seeking a year 5 primary school teacher in the East London Borough of Newham. This is for a maternity cover in January for 2 terms. We are looking for an experienced key stage 2 primary teacher who is looking for a long term role. This is a good East London school with behaviour and safety of pupils rated \"Good\" by Ofsted. The daily rate will be £145+ based on experience.Year 5 Primary TeacherJanuary StartMaternity Cover (2 Terms)Newham, East London£145+ Daily Rate Based on ExperienceEducation and TrainingAre you an experienced key stage 2 primary teacher?Are you looking for a temporary position starting in January in East London?Year 5 Primary Teacher - About the RoleThis is maternity cover for a year 5 primary teacher to start in January for 2 terms. The students in this class are a joy to teach and are very warm and friendly. The primary school's members of staff are all very positive and hard working. The headteacher is looking for someone who will match the schools ethos. The daily rate will be £145+ based on experience.Year 5 Primary Teacher - Ideal CandidateAcademics are looking for an experienced key stage 2 primary school teacher to step into this year 5 class to ensure a seamless transition for the students. You will be required to start in January and be able to cover for 2 terms. You will need to possess a positive attitude and have a hard working mentality. Someone who is results focused while still being able to adapt to the specific needs of individual students. Previous year 5 experience is an advantage however not a necessity.About the Primary SchoolThis is a good primary school in the East London Borough of Newham. The school is next to a tube station with local buses running also. The primary school has been rated \"Good\" by Ofsted with Outstanding mentioned in regards to the behaviour and safety of the students. The schools headteacher is extremely hard working and supports all members of staff to help ensure that the faculty have all the tools at their disposal to deliver good lesson and gain good results.If you are interested in applying for this position call on . "	"Newham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSDBDF90C4/601396754"	"10/12/2018 07:10:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJq"	NA
"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description MFL - French Language Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!Are you looking for a position to start in January 2019?Academics Ltd (one of the top 10 education Agencies nationwide) is supporting a 'good' secondary school in Birmingham with recruiting enthusiastic French teachers. We are looking for qualified & experienced French teachers to fill these positions urgently. This position requires organisation and confidence when working day to day, on a short term basis and long term roles.If you are a graduate who is also looking to get into teaching, this would be a great opportunity to gain some work experience in a mainstream secondary environment. It would also be good to see if teaching is the right career for you. The school itself is well known and would offer great support for new employees when working there. This is a brilliant opportunity to experience a secondary education setting. You will be looking to be teaching French to a KS3 & 4.Job RoleSupervising young people in KS3 & KS4 in the classroomRegistrationsLead French classes when the teacher is not presentResponding to student queries about the work setDealing with any student emergencies (in accordance to the school policy) that may occurDeveloping and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning Job RequirementsReliability and flexibilityExcellent time-managementLeadership skillsValid DBSA French degree or in a relevant subjectQualification (QTS/PGCE) is desirableAvailable to start in January 2019Be able to travel around BirminghamAt least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolWe are expecting our staff to work between 3-5 days a week on a competitive rate of salary.All candidates are welcome for this role. It involves varied work which could be very rewarding as you would be working with the younger generation and helping them achieve their very best.This may be your perfect opportunity you.Please send your CV to  OR CALL for an immediate interview! "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS8C1FB541/598252542"	"06/12/2018 07:03:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvE2"	"Graduate"
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description RE/RS Teacher required for \"Good\" School in PortsmouthStudents at this school enjoy the community in which they learn. Teaching is of high standards and in their most recent Ofsted report, teaching was noted as strong, and not just in core subjects but across all subjects available to pupils. SLT have a firm and trusting relationship with all staff and encourage their continual development through continuous support and feedback.The school has achieved positive progress scores and this is reflected in growing attainment scores in the School. The School has a distinct ethos and recognises students for their individual strengths and talents. Excellence is aimed for across the school and not just in the curriculum, but in the extra curricular activities and the opportunities that they can access alongside their learning.Applicants are required to;-Be a fully qualified teacher with UK QTS or equivalent. -Be willing to plan and prepare lesson-Give regular feedback to their schools-Support the values and ethos of the schoolApplicants are subject to an enhanced DBS. All qualified teachers are welcome to apply including NQTs and those returning to education. Please send your CV by hitting the \"Apply\" button, or call Kate to discuss on All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Portsmouth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSD30F876E/592977467"	"05/12/2018 12:48:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnCa"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Corby, Northamptonshire"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Corby, Northamptonshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description JOB TITLE: Teacher of RELOCATION: CorbySALARY: to be discussed at Interview START DATE: January 2019THE ROLE DESCRIPTION Mana Education is working with a school in Corby to help them find a teacher of Religious Education This is a full time, permanent position commencing from January 2019 The ideal candidate will be an inspiring teacher committed to the progress of all pupils. The school are committed to delivering to an exceptional standard. THE SCHOOL This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to become part of a single site school which is endowed with superb facilities. The school has access to sports facilities, multiple computer suits, holds specialisms in IT Sport, technology and the Platinum Artsmark, they offer high quality programmes for CPD and Leadership development to support practitioners to deliver high quality teaching and learning. If you are interested in this role please send your CV to or phone .ABOUT US: Mana Education is a specialist recruitment company working within Education. We are established to service and support the recruitment requirements of all schools and teaching staff alike. The benefits of working through Mana Education are: * Excellent rates of pay * Paid weekly * Local schools * Warm and friendly service * Tailored job finding service - we listen to your needs * Your own dedicated education specialist on hand 24/7 * Local knowledge * Access to free CPD * £100 Recommend a Friend Scheme We work with a variety of Schools ranging from Independent Schools, through to mainstream schools and Academies.Opportunities we can offer include day to day, long term and permanent positions, full and part-time.Mana Education is a member of the REC (Recruitment Employment Federation) ensuring that candidates (and clients) needs are professional met at all times. Mana Education is committed to enforcing the AWR (Agency Workers Regulations) to ensure our Teachers are paid correctly. Mana Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable people. All assignments are subject to our strict vetting process which includes the Enhanced DBS Check, List 99 checks, Overseas Police Check (if required) and Professional References. "	"Corby, Northamptonshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Mana Resourcing Ltd"	"Mana Resourcing Ltd"	"JSB1B93F03/600698493"	"10/12/2018 07:09:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJH"	NA
"Guaranteed Pay Supply Teacher"	"130.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Guaranteed Pay Supply Teacher"	"London - 130.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Guaranteed Pay Supply Teacher - East London - January 2019 Acting as a work-finding service, we provide substitute teacher cover to a range of Primary, Secondary and SEND Schools; from small village schools to large secondary schools. We are looking for Substitute Teachers to cover all classes from Reception through to KS5 and who have strong behaviour management skills and are passionate about teaching. Prospero Teaching are currently seeking experienced, dynamic and flexible secondary school teachers in London and the surrounding areas who are interested in working in a variety of client schools on a day to day supply basis. At Prospero Teaching we are looking for Substitute teachers who are located in London and want daily supply work in that area. As we have an abundance of supply teaching available, we can provide contracts (during the school terms*) which guarantee teachers a set number of supply days per week. The concise number is negotiated between the teacher and consultant but is usually 5 days per week.In the unlikely event that Prospero Teaching is unable to offer you work during the period stipulated in the contract, you will be entitled to 100% of your daily pay rate (conditions apply).CONTRACT/POSITION DETAILS: Location - East London & surrounding Boroughs Position(S) - Supply Teachers Type of work - Supply Teachers - day to day Start date - 03/01/2019Duration/Likely Duration - Day to day bookings, with the potential for extension depending on schools Temporary Full time/part time - Part time and full time depending on schools/supply teacher needs Minimum rate of pay - Minimum rate £130 per day Hours - 8:30 am - 4pm (full day), half day (am or pm), individual lesson cover EXPERIENCE, TRAINING AND QUALIFICATIONS: QTS/PGCE/B'Ed or equivalent teaching degree Previous experience working in a UK school TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR THIS ROLE THROUGH PROSPERO TEACHING, YOU MUST: Hold Right to Work in the UK Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application Provide two professional related references OTHER: If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV. Unfortunately, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy. Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful candidate: Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour management In-house Training and Development Team"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36796230/600488899"	"10/12/2018 07:04:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEa"	NA
"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater Manchester"	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater Manchester"	"City, Manchester - 100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater ManchesterProspero Teaching is looking for a Key Stage 2 teacher to provide regular supply cover in primary schools in Salford, Trafford and Manchester. You will need to be confident working across a variety of schools throughout KS2 and flexible with location. The schools pre-book teachers for cover where possible and do also call for cover on the day. You are able to select your preferred type of booking, either pre-book, standby or both. This position is open to NQTs and experienced Key Stage 2 teachers. You would need to have experience working in key stage 2 and have a strong understanding of the curriculum for this age group. The ability to build relationships quickly and engage learners is vital. Contract/Position Details:*Location - Greater Manchester*Position - Key Stage 2 Teacher*Type of work - Class teaching, marking, assessment where applicable*Start date - 19th November 2018*Likely Duration - regular supply cover to July 2019*Position end date - July 2019*Contract type - Temporary*Minimum rate of pay - £100 (pay increases in accordance to experience)*Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Experience, Training and Qualifications:It is essential that you have QTS and experience working in primary schools. You will need to have taught in KS2 either in a permanent or supply cover role, or on teaching placement if you are an NQT. You will also need to have up to date Safeguarding training. You can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.To be eligible for any role with Prospero Teaching, you must: *Hold Right to Work in the UK *Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with online update service or be willing to process a new application*Provide two professional child related referencesIf you are a Key Stage 2 Teacher and would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV to or call Georgina on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful candidate:*Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour management*In-house Training and Development team"	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36505802/596919354"	"07/12/2018 09:04:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kC"	NA
"Year 1 Teacher, Leeds"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Year 1 Teacher, Leeds"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Year 1 Teacher looking for a new opportunity in Leeds?Academics Ltd Leeds are currently recruiting a Key Stage 1 Teacher for a 'Good' Primary School in Leeds commencing January 2019. It is initially for 2 terms with an opportunity for a direct contract with the school.This school is committed to providing a high-quality education to ensure that all children are prepared for Secondary School. The school has a community feel with dedicated staff and governors. They are seeking a dedicated, passionate and hardworking Year 1 Teacher to join their team. The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate delivery of excellent teaching and learning. You must have strong classroom management and organisational skills with the ability and dedication to work effectively and contribute positively in a strong team environment. You must have a love for learning and the drive and commitment to raise their already high standards.Suitable candidates must be able to foster strong, positive relationships with children, parents and staff. If you are a passionate Primary Teacher with a recognised Teaching Qualification, please apply today with an up to date copy of your CV or call the Leeds office for a confidential discussion on .  "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS0FA9862D/598252654"	"07/12/2018 09:09:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2op"	NA
"SEN Science Teacher required for school in North west London"	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"SEN Science Teacher required for school in North west London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an Science Teacher to work at an all-boys Faith (within the SEN department) school located in North West London to start in ASAP on a perm basis. Science is an intriguing and fascinating subject. If you have the knowledge and are keen to share this with young people then this teaching role in a popular secondary school will be of great interest. The role itself is will involve teaching Small classes of around ten students. All classrooms are equipped with brand new equipment. You will be required to keep up-to-date with new trends and educational developments in the world of Science which should be used as a basis for your teaching. Your passion, enthusiasm and knowledge of the subject will help you lead the next generation of Science experts. You must demonstrate: QTS or QTLS ideally but unqualified will be consideredExperience of teaching general Science successfully at secondary levelExcellent subject knowledge and a passion for ScienceAble to teach Chemistry, Physics and Biology to KS4Flexibility, resilience and excellent organisational skillsAn ability to be a strong team playerOpen To working with small classes of around 10 students with different SEN needs To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address: or register on-line at . We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of exceptional secondary schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36504679/596914355"	"06/12/2018 07:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEG"	NA
"Business Studies teacher - Reading - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies teacher - Reading - January 2019"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a self motivated Business Studies Teacher with the ability to deliver topical and challenging lessons that engage and inspire very able pupils?Business Studies teacher required from January 2019 for a secondary school located in Berkshire. The school is looking for a teacher who can teach Business Studies to a high level.Business Studies Teaching Jobs* Reading (Berkshire)* Maternity Cover - January 2019 start* Fantastic Facilities* NQT's consideredThis is a very popular and successful School requiring a talented Business Studies Teacher.Senior management in the school have been in place for many years, they have clear and concise policies within the school including a simple and effective behaviour policy which ensures teachers are not undermined in their daily task. There is a dynamic and proactive approach as well as commitment to helping all students.The success of the school along with the fantastic support of the leadership team is reflected by the 'Good' judgement awarded by Ofsted. An amazing opportunity for a teacher who wishes to progress their career and work in a highly prominent area. The teachers are supported well by the management and have excellent facilities to enable the highest quality of teaching and learning. You will be joining an environment which is supportive of development.Applications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and experienced Business Studies Teachers will be considered for this position.An excellent opportunity not to be missed, so apply today for immediate interview.Please email your CV to or call Klaudia on . "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS00409A06/592626386"	"10/12/2018 07:07:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIQ"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Poole, Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced RE Teacher looking for a new career path?Or perhaps you are an NQT looking to kick start your career?Teaching Personnel are looking to recruit and RE Teacher on a long-term basis to start in January 2019. The secondary school we are working with is a mixed comprehensive in the Poole area and they are constantly striving to have increasingly high expectations of all pupils. They would like to appoint an enthusiastic and innovative full time RE Teacher. The department consists of experienced and highly motivated individuals and they are looking for a great addition to this excellent team.The Ideal RE TeacherAble to teach KS3 and KS4 Religious EducationNQT's or FQT'sEnthusiastic and a drive to succeedStrong behaviour management skillsBenefitsExcellent daily pay rates paid weeklyAccess to a dedicated Secondary consultant 24/7 with our on-call serviceAccess to our CPD Academy to contribute to your development.And much more If you are interested in a role like this- please click the apply button below to register your interest!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC29D6F2A/598339467"	"07/12/2018 09:10:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2qG"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Warrington"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Warrington - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a dedicated and reliable teacher of Media Studies looking for a long term contract in 2019?Are you able to teach BTEC Media to students aged 14 to 19 years old?If so we want to talk you.We are currently looking for an ambitious teacher of Media to cover a maternity leave contract from February 2019 to July 2019 a secondary academy with media college status in St Helens. The School11 to 18 academyA thriving school dedicated to improving the lives of its pupilsState of the art facilities for modern teachingAbundant support for learners with additional needsAll teaching staff received extensive PPA provisions and a first class CPD programme.The perfect Candidate:Must Hold QTS or QTLSRecent experience of teaching Media Studies to children in a secondary school/unit or sixth form collegeFull understanding of the BTEC Media syllabus and assessment for learningMust be able to plan effective lessons to engage pupilsPositive behaviour management strategiesPerks of the role Teaching Media in students who have chosen to study MediaPart of a successful multi academy trustEasily accessible by car or public transportCompetitive pay rates.Maternity leave contract - parity pay from day 1 PAYE or Umbrella pay - whichever you preferEvery teacher we have placed in this school on long term supply to date has been offered a permanent contract! Although this role does not start until the New Year the school wish to see CVs or suitable applicants this week. CVs will be presented to Head of department on Tuesday 4th December at 9am.  Therefore if you are interested in being consideredplease send a CV in blank a Word Document with the following informationFull Name, Location/postcode, contact numbers Post 18 education qualifications - as year to year, University, Qualification achieved.Employment history- most recent first shown as month & year to month and year to account for the last 10 years at least with any gaps explained.CVs submitted after 4th December 2018 will only be considered if they contain the information shown above. For further information please call and speak to Mick or RachaelAll candidates must hold the Right to Work within the UK in a full time post.This role is temporary supply not a permanent position. Academics is an Employment business finding temporary supply roles for qualified teachers and teaching assistants in Northwich, St Helens, Warrington, Wigan and Halton. "	"Warrington, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS3B7CE493/597175450"	"05/12/2018 09:41:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllVi"	NA
"Food Technology teacher needed "	""	"Slough"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Food Technology teacher needed "	"Slough"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified and experienced Food Technology Teacher looking for a new role in Slough? Academics are currently looking to recruit a Food Technology teacher to work in a large Secondary School based in Slough on either a long term or permanent basis. The ideal Teacher must have: Must have QTS and also be an educator with a clear focus on engaging pupils' interest in Food Technology, as well as preparing pupils knowledge and further life skills by being reflective and delivering engaging, fun and academic focused lessons that possess clear differentiation for a range of students. Also have an understanding of good practice for assessments, tracking and monitoring and have the drive and determination to do all that is necessary to raise achievement. Working through Academics we can offer you: * Competitive daily pay rates * A specialist and dedicated consultant who will endeavor to meet your needs * Refer a friend bonus scheme"	"Slough, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36665284/587209469"	"05/12/2018 09:28:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllIW"	NA
"Computer Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Computer Science Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Attention Computer Science Teachers*Academics is looking for a computer science teacher to work in a college in London.They are looking for someone to start straight away.If you have UK expiernce working in schools or colleges then please apply now!* Computer Science Teacher* ASAP Start* Central London* West LondonThe candidate must have UK expierence and a teaching qualificationApply NOW!Apply now and call on for more details "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS82C224E5/599178657"	"10/12/2018 07:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJ2"	NA
"Business studies Teacher- Immediate start"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Business studies Teacher- Immediate start"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business studies Teaching job in London.We are looking to appoint a Teacher of Business studies for a highly organised school in North London, if this sounds like you then you need to apply today!This mixed secondary school located with easy transport links. They are looking to appoint an experienced or outstanding Newly Qualified Business studies teacher.* Teacher of Business studies * Outstanding Department* Ofsted 'Outstanding' School* Immediate interview and startWe are seeking a talented individual with a passion of inspiring young minds in the 21st Century!If you're interested in working for this school you will need to be; * An outstanding teacher in this subject, with a track record of achieving outstanding results, * Have a passionate belief in the school's mission statement* Be highly organised, ICT literate and have excellent communication and motivational skills to engage young people and be prepared to deliver after school intervention exam preparation and enrichment programmes and contribute to wider school activities.The school also offers an excellent induction programme within a friendly and supportive environment, and they are committed to high quality professional development and continuous improvement in teaching and learning, if you're an exceptional Business studies teacher then this opportunity is not to be missed! Apply now "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSD6A93FAD/599779340"	"08/12/2018 11:04:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDh5"	NA
"Year 5 Teacher - January Start!"	"GBP"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Teacher - January Start!"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are exclusively working with a Scarborough Primary School to recruit a Year 5 Teacher who will be able to undertake Full Time work from January.The school is located in Eastfield, Scarborough and is working to bring about improvements from their recent Ofsted grade. They are looking for someone who will be able to support their Upper Key Stage 2 classes with confidence and be able to encompass and follow their values;Be respectful of others; treating others as you wish to be treatedApproach life with resilience; the school encourage self-beliefWork as a team and show friendship towards othersIndependent, organised and endeavour for pupils to solve their own problems whenever they canEncourage all to hold responsibility for their own words, actions and belongingsThose who apply should have extensive experience of working in Upper Key Stage 2 and be able to competently plan lessons in line with the curriculum, especially for those who require a differentiated lesson to meet their needs and requirements.The role is to start in January, and you will take full class responsibility, and you will work alongside a supportive team within an evolving school. You should have experience of supporting this year group, and be able to effectively demonstrate this at interview.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Scarborough, Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSFB71F97D/599779272"	"08/12/2018 11:04:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDh4"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher needed in Hertfordshire"	"120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher needed in Hertfordshire"	"Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire - 120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Academics have an exciting role based in Hertfordshire for an A Level Business Studies teacher; this role is full time and will start ASAP. The successful candidate must be able to deliver engaging, fun and academic focused lessons that possess clear differentiation for a range of students. Also have an understanding of good practice for assessments, tracking and monitoring and have the drive and determination to do all that is necessary to raise achievement within this large secondary School based in Hertfordshire. Requirements: Be able to Teach A Level Business Studies Be a fully Qualified Teacher, with a Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) Have the ability to prepare, plan deliver and mark Have strong classroom management skills. Be able to start ASAP If you are interested please let Steph know today call or email "	"Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36767732/598103333"	"06/12/2018 07:02:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvDv"	NA
"Economics and Business Teacher"	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Burnley, Lancashire"	"Unspecified"	"Economics and Business Teacher"	"Burnley, Lancashire - 130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Economics & Business Studies Teacher required 4 days per week to start immediately! Economics and Business teacher or an experienced,competant Instructor to deliver to ALevel students. We are looking for an Economics and Business teacher to work across Key Stages 4 and 5 in well supported and resourced Business department, this post is going to be offered on a time table. The role will involve teaching GSCE, BTEC and A Level. The school is happy to consider NQT's and experienced teachers. Candidates must have an enthusiasm for the subject, which will be reflected in their passion for teaching. The successful candidate will need to teach KS3, KS4 and KS5 students a range of lessons which follow the current schemes of work. The Business and Economics Department is responsible for delivering A level Business, A level Economics and GCSE Business. The specifications currently followed are Eduqas Business, AQA Economics and Eduqas GCSE Business. If you are interested and wish to be considered please forward your updated CV ASAP  "	"Burnley, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Bridge Education and Training ltd"	"Bridge Education and Training ltd"	"JS3561_36578527/600709692"	"10/12/2018 07:03:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgD4"	NA
"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, PRIMARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, PRIMARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"City, Birmingham - 110.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Prospero Teaching are looking for Primary SEN Supply Teachers to provide short-term and long term supply cover in various special schools in the Birmingham area. Bookings can range from one week to the full academic year.With the end of Term One approaching, schools are now looking at their staffing requirements for Term Two and we are keen to speak to all teachers who are looking for a new position for January 2019.Many schools also book teachers for emergency cover, so if you are looking for just a few days' work each week this option is available. We will discuss with you about the type of work you are looking for, so whether you are looking for day-to-day cover, short term bookings or long term placements, Prospero Teaching can help with your job search.SEN Supply Teacher Contract/Position Details* Location - Birmingham* Position - Primary SEN Supply Teacher* Type of work - Class teaching* Start date - November 2018* Likely Duration - Ongoing supply cover to July 2019* Position end date - July 2019* Contract type - Temporary* Full-time potential* Minimum rate of pay - £110 - Negotiable Pay * Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Supply Teacher Experience, Training and Qualifications* It is essential that you have QTS and experience teaching in a special school setting in either a permanent or supply cover role.* Up-to-date Safeguarding training is imperative; you can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.* Strong behaviour management skills are a must.To be eligible for any teaching job with Prospero Teaching, you must* Hold the Right to Work in the UK.* Possess an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application.* Provide two professional child related references.If you are an SEN Teacher and would like to be considered for this teaching job, please call us on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful SEN Supply Teacher* Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour managementIf you would like to earn a £150 bonus and know someone who would be interested in this or other teaching jobs check out our Refer a Friend scheme."	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"JS3561_36793625/600488759"	"09/12/2018 09:09:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmROT"	NA
"Daily supply teacher - South West London - £130 per day"	"130.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Daily supply teacher - South West London - £130 per day"	"London - 130.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Veritas Education are hiring Primary Teachers who would like to work on a supply basis. We can offer either Day to Day, Long Term, or Short-Term positions to suit your individual circumstances in schools that are local to you. WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU: * Competitive and attractive pay rates offered* Regular work in local schools* Supportive school environments with positive leadership, and experienced support staff* Dedicated and Experienced consultants to be your contact throughout the assignment, and can offer you a 24/7 contact service THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL: * Be a qualified Teacher - Holding valid UK QTS, You will be matched to the assignments you are comfortable and qualified for only. * Be flexible, enthusiastic and motivated to do well each day.* Be able to manage behaviour effectively to ensure best possible outcomes. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR VERITAS EDUCATION All applications are subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, professional reference checks, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) in line with our stringent safeguarding policyYour CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and all employment breaks must be explainedYou must have legal right to work in the UKYou must be willing to attend a registration interviewVeritas Education work with a variety of schools covering a wide geographical area. We deal with teaching placements at Primary, Secondary and college level as well as support staff positions also within these. Disclaimer 'Nothing within the above advert was in any way designed or intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Veritas Education is an Equal opportunities employer and is proud in the knowledge that all placements are made on merit and suitability. We accept applications from all sections of the community.' "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"Veritas Education Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36797101/600488966"	"09/12/2018 09:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRHQ"	NA
"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, SECONDARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"SEN SUPPLY TEACHER, SECONDARY, BIRMINGHAM"	"City, Birmingham - 110.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Prospero Teaching are looking for Secondary SEN Supply Teachers to provide short-term and long term supply cover in various special schools in the Birmingham area. Bookings can range from one week to the full academic year.With the end of Term One approaching, schools are now looking at their staffing requirements for Term Two and we are keen to speak to all teachers who are looking for a new position for January 2019.Many schools also book teachers for emergency cover, so if you are looking for just a few days' work each week this option is available. We will discuss with you about the type of work you are looking for, so whether you are looking for day-to-day cover, short term bookings or long term placements, Prospero Teaching can help with your job search.SEN Supply Teacher Contract/Position Details* Location - Birmingham* Position - Secondary SEN Supply Teacher* Type of work - Class teaching* Start date - January 2019* Likely Duration - Ongoing supply cover to July 2019* Position end date - July 2019* Contract type - Temporary* Full-time potential* Minimum rate of pay - £110 - Negotiable Pay * Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Supply Teacher Experience, Training and Qualifications* It is essential that you have QTS and experience teaching in a special school setting in either a permanent or supply cover role.* Up-to-date Safeguarding training is imperative; you can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.* Strong behaviour management skills are a must.To be eligible for any teaching job with Prospero Teaching, you must* Hold the Right to Work in the UK.* Possess an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application.* Provide two professional child related references.If you are an SEN Teacher and would like to be considered for this teaching job, please call us on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful SEN Supply Teacher* Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour managementIf you would like to earn a £150 bonus and know someone who would be interested in this or other teaching jobs check out our Refer a Friend scheme."	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"JS3561_36793934/600486448"	"08/12/2018 17:02:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmHzO"	NA
"SEN KS2 Teacher Required"	"GBP"	"Sevenoaks, Kent"	"Permanent"	"SEN KS2 Teacher Required"	"Sevenoaks, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you pupil focused?Do you want to make a difference?Do you want to work in a well resourced and supportive school?I am currently working with a Secondary SEN provision expanding their team in incorporate Primary SEN. The provision is for KS2 pupils with a primary diagnosis of ASC. You DO NOT need experience in an SEN setting or with ASC. If you are a great teacher with a passion for teaching then the school would like to see you!A progressive school they encourage out of the classroom learning and experiences and staff are given the freedom to develop. Pupils will also benefit from art therapy and counselling. Most teachers at the school have joined from mainstream settings and this post is suitable for those who may wish to develop their ASC practice.Ideal candidates will have:A passion for teaching and learning;The ability to work independently and as a key motivator and inspirational leader for the class team;A commitment to multi-agency workingAble to demonstrate belief in the school culture and ethosFlexible, creative, enthusiastic and energetic.Experience in teaching children and young people with special educational needs would be desirable but is not essential.letter to the details below. If you are interested in working on a supply or a part-time basis then please ensure that this is clearly shown when you send in your CV and cover letter (stating days/number of hours available) All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Sevenoaks, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSB0DFD9AA/596972323"	"07/12/2018 09:09:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2ow"	NA
"Full Time Y5 Class Teacher | Thornbury Primary School"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Full Time Y5 Class Teacher | Thornbury Primary School"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Y5 Class Teacher | Ofsted Outstanding Primary School | Apply Today! Start Date: Jan 2019Contract Term: Permanent Closing Date: Monday 10th December 2019About the Role: The head teacher and governors at a rural Primary School in Thornbury are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic, experienced Year 5 teacher for their happy school. It's a permanent, full time position from 1st January 2019. The class is made up of 32 friendly children of mixed abilities with an experienced Teaching Assistant to assist in learning.About you: *You will have a clear passion and ambition to bring new experiences to the school as well as being committed to school improvement and raising standards*You will be a Key Stage 2 Specialist with excellent knowledge of the curriculum*You will be happy to take part in the wider life of the school and have fun! *Be an excellent classroom teacher with high expectations for children's attainment, achievement and behaviour If this sounds like the next step in your career then please send your CV to along with a short cover letter describing why you would be perfect for the role to Monarch Education. You will then be contacted by Sarah Hadfield on within 24 hours of applying. We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check.Monarch Education has been working with schools across South Gloucestershire for over 10 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.What our staff say about Monarch:\"I must admit in being apprehensive at the thought of moving from a contracted position to registering exclusively with Monarch Education. However, Sarah was there to guide me through the process from registration to interview preparation. We discussed various roles that she had and different schools that she worked with regularly. It was a direct result of these conversations and Sarah's knowledge of where I wanted to develop my career that she suggested I interview for a dream job and became a permanent member of staff at the school!\""	"Bristol, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS161A041D/599808701"	"10/12/2018 07:09:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJP"	NA
"TLG Reading Classroom Teacher"	"GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"TLG Reading Classroom Teacher"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Working as part of the TLG centre team in Reading, the Classroom Teacher post provides a unique opportunity to support young people experiencing educational crisis.TLG Reading is a centre for alternative education provision delivering tailored social and educational interventions for young people. Working in partnership with The Gate church, the Classroom Teacher will play an integral role in enabling young people to get their lives back on track, through delivering innovative programmes and working with the Centre Manager to ensure that the education centre achieves success.The role involves leading the planning and delivery of lessons, delivering high quality lessons, leading sessions as timetabled and providing one-to-one support as appropriate to bring excellence to the young people's learning experience. The individual will also act as a link between TLG's students, their families and the church community.We are looking to recruit an individual with a strong and vibrant Christian faith. TLG is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff including volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to undertake a DBS check. Hours: 37.5 (term-time only)Closing Date: 5pm, Monday 7th January 2019Interview Date: Tuesday 14th January 2019 "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Transforming Lives for Good (TLG)"	"Transforming Lives for Good (TLG)"	"JS606778/598785016"	"07/12/2018 09:08:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2oK"	NA
"Key Stage 2 Teacher in Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 2 Teacher in Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit a Key Stage 2 Teacher for a Year 6 class. This is a Full time position starting in January for a full academic year at a Primary School located in the Birmingham area. Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references.I look forward to hearing from you. Monarch Education will pay £200 for any successful referral of Teachers and Teaching Assistants*"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS4410C664/596972688"	"11/12/2018 09:18:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsyn"	NA
"Key Stage 1 Teacher in Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 1 Teacher in Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit a Key Stage One Teacher. This is a Full time position starting in January until the end of the academic year at a Primary School located in the Birmingham area. Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references.If you are interested in this job, please forward your CV to or alternatively give me a call on . I look forward to hearing from you. Monarch Education will pay £200 for any successful referral of Teachers and Teaching Assistants*"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSDD0991B8/596972529"	"11/12/2018 09:18:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsyl"	NA
"English and Media Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description English and Media Teacher I am working with a good school based in Lambeth that is looking appoint an English and Media teacher. The position starts January 2019 and is a full time position, 5 days a week. The position would be via the agency to begin with, however, there is a full time permanent role available from September for a suitable candidate.The position will involve teaching both KS3 and KS4 English and Media. The school has a strong English department and they are looking for an English teacher who would be happy to take on a timetable involving 6 media lessons alongside English.The school really appreciates the value of high literacy skills and has excellent facilities in both its library and in classrooms.The English department offers a variety of extracurricular activities including theatre trips, guest poets and authors, a literature festival, poetry slam, debating club and spelling club. If you would like to become part of a vibrant and exciting department then look no further.The school are only considering applications from candidates that have the right to work in the UK, hold a PGCE or equivalent qualification and hold a subject relevant degree.If you would like to be considered for this opportunity in education and training as an English and Media teacher then please email an up to date copy of your CV over to Oliver at Reeson Education as soon as possible.The SchoolThis is a large mixed academy based in the London borough of Lambeth. The school is part of a large academy chain and has the backing of considerable resources, allowing it to provide excellent opportunities for CPD and avenues of progression for staff. The school was recently inspected by Ofsted in December 2017 and continues to maintain a Good rating. This is a solid school with a good academic rating and is well respected in the local community.Company Information:REESON Education is London's premier recruitment agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence. We work exclusively with a number of London's best secondary schools across all areas of London, offer highly competitive rates of pay and an unmatched personal service.REESON Education will try to respond to all applications within three working days. However due to the volume of applications we receive we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply now. "	"London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSB286A1BE/590808310"	"09/12/2018 09:13:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRUe"	NA
"Design and Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Kingston, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Design and Technology Teacher"	"Kingston, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Design and Technology Teacher needed in Outstanding Academy.The Head Teacher of an Outstanding Secondary Academy seeks a Design and Technology Teacher to join their team from January 2019. This opportunity will initially be a long term temporary post but there may be potential of permanent contract offer to the right candidate.To be considered for this post you will be qualified and experienced to teach various elements of Technology to GCSE level, specialisms in Resistant Materials and Product Design will be favourable. You will set high expectations of yourself and of your pupils. If successful you will benefit from:Pay rates of £130-£160 per dayWorking in an Outstanding schoolSuperb machinery and facilitiesSupportive team and SLTOutstanding CPDPlease apply below if you are interested in post.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Kingston, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS29CFEE1F/599178642"	"07/12/2018 07:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2EX"	NA
"Head of Inititial Teacher Education"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Inititial Teacher Education"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"The Division of Education at London South Bank University's School of Law and Social Sciences is seeking to appoint a permanent Full time Head of Teacher Education (Grade 9) with effect from 23 April 2019. You will have qualified teacher status (QTS), demonstrable experience of Initial Teacher Education and good knowledge of contemporary approaches to learning and teaching and teacher education. Sound knowledge and understanding of the current priorities in teacher education are essential.You will have worked effectively with schools and other educational settings to ensure that all students benefit from high quality placement experiences. Understanding of how to develop and manage quality assurance systems relating to initial teacher education is an essential requirement. You will have experience of working with colleagues on external inspections and reviews. You will have experience of management, including a track record of motivating staff. The deadline for applications is 31st January 2019 and interviews are scheduled for the week beginning 11th February 2019. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"London South Bank University"	"London South Bank University"	"JSREQ2469/591758487"	"11/12/2018 09:17:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsxw"	NA
"English and Media Teacher Needed in Harrow Secondary School - January"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"English and Media Teacher Needed in Harrow Secondary School - January"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education, Hammersmith is currently recruiting for a highly motivated, success-driven school in North West London seeking a fantastic English and Media Teacher for a January start on a long-term basis!You will be teaching English up to Key Stage 4 and Media at Key Stage 5. This school has excellent facilities and provides students with all the equipment and experience they need in order to have the best opportunities: academic, cultural and sporting. Rated 'Outstanding' by OFSTED in their last report.You will be working closely with the highly supportive English and Media department, maintaining outstanding results and promoting the subject throughout the school. You will teach up to KS4, engaging and motivating candidates to reach their highest potential. The School: \"Outstanding\" OFSTED rated school with a fantastic reputation Mixed comprehensive with a strong sixth form The Head Teacher and staff have a strong vision to empower their students, meaning they can take control of their own future. The school has been serving and teaching students in Harrow for a number of years and works as a close community.They are looking for a candidate who ideally has:- Qualifications to work in the UK (QTS, PGCE or NARIC approved)- Broad subject knowledge of the English and/or Media Syllabus - Proven experience in special educational needs teaching- Strong communication skills- Experience working in the UK school curriculum Benefits of working with Reed Education:When you work with Reed Education, you will have access to a range of expertise and advice as well as benefits. We can provide you with: Competitive pay rates 24/7 access to a personal consultant who is an expert in Education recruitment The ability to sign up to our Reed rewards, discount and pension schemes Access to a huge range of teaching opportunities through our network of branches across England and WalesIf you have any questions, then don't hesitate to contact your local Reed Education branch, we would love to speak to you and help you figure out the next step in your career. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Lewisham Education"	"Lewisham Education"	"JS3561_36798733/600486002"	"10/12/2018 07:03:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEJ"	NA
"South Leeds School seeks Y6 Teacher"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"South Leeds School seeks Y6 Teacher"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description This lovely school in Leeds are currently recruiting for a new Key Stage 2 Teacher to start ASAP. The school is high performing and are striving to become even better. The school is currently in the process of changing class structures and therefore are seeking a new Year 6 teacher.The School is a 10 minute drive from Leeds city centre with great transport links and on-site parking for the school. The school has vibrant links with the outside community which provide unique opportunities for their students to take advantage of their location.The school has a focus on looking to the future and building a responsible and respectful next generation. They hope to shape children into responsible, respectful students who know how to uphold positive relationships and are ambitious life long learners.There is strong leadership across the school with the Senior Leadership Team all working to ensure the school's ethos is happy and cohesive. This welcoming environment keeps staff retention high with teachers generally staying at the school for many years as truly valued members of the team.The Leeds school can offer:Vibrant, enthusiastic and high achieving childrenDedicated friendly staffA welcoming environment with strong links to the local communityIn return, the successful candidate will have:UK QTSA good understanding of SEN and EAL SupportProven track-record of good/outstanding evidence of the difference they make for childrenExperience of teaching Year 6 with KS2 SATs experience The school will interview for this position on a rolling basis so please be sure to apply as soon as you are able. If you are interested then please contact Mohammed at the Leeds and Wakefield Primary Branch. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSA2A2498E/591931021"	"10/12/2018 07:08:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIW"	NA
"Primary Day to Day Supply Teacher Required for Merton"	"GBP"	"Lambeth, London"	"Permanent"	"Primary Day to Day Supply Teacher Required for Merton"	"Lambeth, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced Primary Teacher? Do you hold qualified teacher status? Would you like to work on a flexible basis in the boroughs of Wandsworth and Merton?Due to popular demand I am currently recruiting experienced Primary teachers to work on a supply basis in the boroughs of Merton and Wandsworth. We have regular work in a range of schools in the boroughs across the Key Stages in 'Good' & 'Outstanding' schools.Academics offerGood pay ratesRegular workProactive & friendly consultantsA good range of schools to work inDecember 2018/January 2019EYFS/KS1/KS2Regular work will be offered to reliable, hard working class teachers who can deliver engaging exciting lessons. You will need to have good interpersonal skills and the ability to quickly establish good working relationships with staff and pupils.Registrations will be arranged straight away and we have work across the Primary Key Stages to start straight away. "	"Lambeth, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS8961B464/595190858"	"05/12/2018 12:58:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnKo"	NA
"Teacher in SEN and Behaviour"	"GBP"	"Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Teacher in SEN and Behaviour"	"Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are currently recruiting motivated and diverse Teachers, Teaching Assistants, and Cover Supervisors to work in our SEN schools in the Dorset region. From Bridport to Bournemouth, our schools all over Dorset cater for any of your teaching requirements or aspirations. There are positions for classroom staff and one to one teaching outside of the classroom if thats what suits you best. As a member of staff in these educational environments you will required to be very engaging and reliable. Work is set by class teachers and supporting teaching assistants will be supporting pupils with tasks set. Successful Candidates will need to be consistently positive and professional in the role which can be challenging at times. Personal Skills, abilities and experience will be used to place you in the most appropriate and suitable school for you.Pay Rates for these positions range from; £9ph for Teaching Assistants, £100 - £130 per day for Teachers & £60 - £80 per day for Cover Supervisors.Working Hours on average start at 08:00-08:30am and finish at 3:30-4:00pm, subject to school and role.Experience working in a school or SEN school IS NOT required. We also think outside the box, so if you have experience in youth work, one to one tutoring, sports coaching, Custodial Service and Residential Care don't hesitate to get in touch. We have Full time, Part time and ad-hoc hours available. Locations, distances and hours of work are found in accordance to your preferences!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Dorset, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSBF8466DE/598091853"	"07/12/2018 07:06:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Il"	NA
"Supply Teacher - Leicester"	"110.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Leicestershire"	"Unspecified"	"Supply Teacher - Leicester"	"Leicestershire - 110.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Prospero Teaching is looking got Supply Teachers to work in schools across Leicester. Acting as a work-finding service, we provide supply cover to a range of Secondary schools across Leicester. We are looking for Teachers to cover classes from KS3-KS5 and who have strong behaviour management skills and are passionate about teaching. Prospero Teaching work with both newly qualified teachers and experienced teachers by helping you find your next position. Some contracts may be extended from day to day bookings to longer term cover. The successful candidate will have the following: QTS,QTLS, PGCE, EYFS or equivalent Previous experience working in a school Up to date Safeguarding training issued in last year (desirable however not essential as we can provide) To be eligible for this role through Prospero Teaching, you must: Hold right to work in the UK Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with the online update service or be willing to process a new application Provide two professional child related references If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV. Unfortunately, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy. "	"Leicestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"Prospero Birmingham"	"JS3561_36793454/600486181"	"10/12/2018 07:03:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgEC"	NA
"Maths 2nd in charge"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Maths 2nd in charge"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Maths teacherTradewind are recruiting! Are you looking for you next role teaching Maths in Newham? Are you available from January 2019? If so please contact Tradewind Recruitment today. We are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and innovative teacher of Mathematics to join an experienced team. The successful candidate will be able to show the motivation and commitment required to achieve ambitious targets for the pupils they teach. This position would suit either a newly qualified teacher, or a more experienced colleague who would like to utilise, and further develop their leadership skills. In choosing successful candidates, the panel will be seeking outstanding classroom teachers with the ability to embrace and deliver the vision of the Trust, Salary: Competitive, Inner London, plus benefits This client has high expectations of staff to work together to:*Work towards and support the school vision and objectives outlined in the school development plan.*Actively foster the ethos and values of the school.*Build an expectation of high achievement for all.*Support the pastoral care of students.*Help to create the best environment to promote and secure the achievement of students and staff.*Build an exceptional understanding of what outstanding provision looks like in their subject.*Comply with and support at all times the school's policies and procedures on safeguarding of students.*Contribute to the school's programme of enrichment activities.*Work with the school's Health & Safety Policy to ensure a safe working environment for all.*Maintain high professional standards of attendance, punctuality, appearance and conduct.*Uphold and enhance the school's reputation by ensure positive, courteous relations with students, parents, colleagues and other stakeholders.*Engage actively in CPD for self and colleagues.*Be willing to go above and beyond expected levels of commitment to ensure the success of the school.*Manage budget in line with areas of responsibility.*Be proactive in ensuring appropriate allocation of resources, and evaluate against outcomes.*Undertake other reasonable duties related to the role as required from time to time.Leadership*Lead by example, providing inspiration and motivation, and embody for the staff, students, governors, parents and the wider community, the vision, purpose and leadership of the school.*Take part in activities to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of teaching and learning within the school, proactively engaging with peer observations and focus upon the raising and maintaining of standards and expectations.*Provide leadership that secures the delivery of high standards and attainment for all students and be responsible for the organisation, management and control of your classes.*Monitor, evaluate and intervene to ensure all students are working towards making expected progress.*Encourage interaction and teamwork within the department, sharing ideas and new initiatives identifying new ways of teaching your subject area and contributing to wider CPD opportunities.*Challenge staff under-performance at all levels and ensure corrective action and follow up.*Plan, chair and organise meetings as appropriate and as scheduled. *Carry out any other reasonable duties and specific school-wide tasks as directed by the Principal.Teaching and Learning*Lead by example as a teacher, achieving high standards of pupil attainment and progress, behaviour and motivation through effective teaching.*Provide highly effective teaching and learning opportunities within your subject area.*Create a learning environment that is positive, affirming and supportive. *Keep up to date with creative and innovative practices in teaching and learning, and use as appropriate.*Lead the department, standards, target setting, assessment and reporting.*Ensure that the students enjoy a safe and healthy environment in which standards of behaviour support learning and the social development of students.*Develop successful and inclusive approaches to teaching, including supporting students with special educational needs and disabilities and of the more able.*Achieve a harmonious and supportive community through effective relationships with staff and students.*Provide regular, written feedback in the form of a learning dialogue to students and ensure that they are given opportunities to react and respond to this feedback.If this sounds like a role you would be interested please or to find out about other leadership teaching opportunities contact, Business Manager, directly for further information."	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"JS3561_36801531/600711384"	"10/12/2018 07:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgD8"	NA
"Supply Teachers - Coventry & Warwickshire"	"GBP"	"Coventry, Warwickshire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Teachers - Coventry & Warwickshire"	"Coventry, Warwickshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Supply Teacher Coventry & Warwickshire Day to day and long term assignments EYFS, KS1 & KS2 £95 - £155 based on experience Aspire People are recruiting for passionate and enthusiastic supply teacher's for primary schools across Coventry and Warwickshire for day to day and long term assignments. Aspire People are working with various schools in the local area whom we support for day to day and long term assignments for support across EYFS, KS1 & KS2 and we urgently require more staff to support the influx of supply work we get daily. We also offer £250 for any referral's - so if you know someone who would be suitable or who is currently looking for work at the moment we would love to hear from you. Please contact Shaniece Blakemore on for more information Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Disclosure and Barring Checks. "	"Coventry, Warwickshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Aspire People Limited"	"Aspire People Limited"	"JSF73975A4/596972317"	"07/12/2018 09:08:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2np"	NA
"Year 3&Year 5 Teacher-West Hampstead- Camden-Immediate/Jan 2019"	"663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Year 3&Year 5 Teacher-West Hampstead- Camden-Immediate/Jan 2019"	"London - 663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Year 3/Year 5 Teacher - KS2-Primary School in West Hampstead- Immediate start/January 2019 There is an exciting opportunity at an 'Outstanding', Primary School in the London borough of Camden, to begin as soon as possible, as well as in January 2019. This primary school has excellent transport links, tubes, buses; minutes walk away from West Hampstead stations/Kilburn High Road station and just one bus away from Central London! The Head Teacher of this friendly school are searching for a Year 3 or Year 5, teacher dependent on the suitability of the candidate. There are ample opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. The Teacher will be appointed on a Long Term/Permanent contract and will be offered plentiful CPD opportunities. This opportunity is suitable for Newly Qualified Teachers (NQT's) and those with more experience (QTS). Inclusion is at the heart of everything they do at this school. They strongly believe that their role is to provide a warm, friendly, safe place for children, no matter what their starting points in life are. At this school, the children develop a love of learning, create long lasting relationships, discover and celebrate their hidden talents, and express their individuality.  Year 3/Year 5 TeacherKey Stage 2 TeacherImmediately/January 2019Long Term/Permanent Contract 3 form entryExperienced TeachersNQTs welcomeRated 'Outstanding schoolLocation: West Hampstead/Kilburn-Borough: Camden TownMPS/UPS inner LondonThis Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their established senior leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. Planning for lessons will be shared between the teachers to combine ideas and reduce work-load. The Head Teacher allows all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons. The successful teacher should offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of their teaching assistant in class. The ideal teacher will be carefully selected and should hold specialist subject interests, intellect and ambition to develop as a teacher. The Primary school in West Hampstead promises to offer a wide variety of training courses to ensure a continuing advancement in teacher's capability. The successful teacher will become a part of a warm, welcoming environment, with an enthusiastic, motivated and knowledgeable team. If you would like to apply for this position, please submit your CV ASAP. OR, alternatively send an updated version of your CV to:  Interviews will commence shortly for this role. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36508121/596906877"	"05/12/2018 14:30:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloAw"	NA
"Year 5 Teacher-Primary-Finchley Central- Barnet-Jan 2019"	"GBP"	"Barnet, London"	"Permanent"	"Year 5 Teacher-Primary-Finchley Central- Barnet-Jan 2019"	"Barnet, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Year 5 Primary Teacher- Key Stage 2- Finchley Central - January 2019 start * Year5/6: Key Stage 2- Primary Teacher*Jan 2019 (immediate start)* Long Term/Full Time** Ofsted  'Good' school* Two form Entry school* NQT's Welcome- QTS (required)* Location: Finchley Central- Barnet * MPS/UPS inner London Are you a recent NQT looking for a great school to begin your career?  OR, perhaps you are an experienced teacher looking to progress your career? If the answer to the above questions is YES, then this post could be for you!There is an exciting opportunity at a Primary School located in Finchley Central, borough of Barnet, to begin next academic year. This friendly Primary school are searching for ideally a teacher who is interested to be a year 5 or 6 class teacher for January joining them on an immediate start, dependent on the suitability of the candidate. There are ample opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. The successful candidate will be appointed on a Long term contract and will be offered plentiful CPD training opportunities. This opportunity is suitable for Newly Qualified Teachers (NQT's) and those with more experience (QTS). This position is a long term/Full time position with the prospect of becoming permanent. If you feel as though, this already sounds like a little bit of you, then carry on reading! This Primary school is rated 'Good' by Ofsted with Outstanding aspects as this school strongly projects a warm, friendly and safe environment for all the students regardless of any circumstances. This vibrant school has fully resourced classrooms and magnificent children who are eager to learn causing one to feel a sense of pleasure teaching them every day. At this school, the children develop a love for learning, create long lasting relationships and have the freedom to express a sense of creativity and their individuality.This Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their well-established leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. The Head Teacher permits all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons, as they are very supportive and attentive with new staff members joining their team. This support will be exemplified when teachers are planning for lessons, as power points will be distributed between KS2 teachers in order to gain insight, ideas and reduce work-load. The successful candidate will be expected to offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of the classroom teaching assistant.To become a part of a welcoming, enthusiastic environment, and a supportive team, then why not apply for this position? If you would like to apply for this position, then please submit your CV ASAP.OR, alternatively email: Interviews for this position will start immediately.  "	"Barnet, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS9B104752/599779262"	"10/12/2018 07:09:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJa"	NA
"1:1 Tutor Stockport"	"GBP"	"Stockport, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"1:1 Tutor Stockport"	"Stockport, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a qualified teacher or experienced tutor looking for flexible work in the Stockport area?Would you like a role that is extremely rewarding, both professionally and financially? I am looking for 1:1 Tutors to support Looked After Children in the Stockport area across a range of core subjects. This tuition may take place in school, at the pupil's home or in a local community setting, and is often for two hours a day, five days a week during school hours. Many of our tutors complete several different assignments per day as the work is both consistent and flexible.RequirementsQTS or extensive tuition experienceChild Only DBS on the update serviceCalm and patient teaching styleDriving licence (preferred)If this sounds like the role for you, or you would like further information, please get in touch using the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Stockport, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1F5A527A/592626218"	"10/12/2018 07:08:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIt"	NA
"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client are an well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy. They are looking for someone who has excellent industry knowledge and wants to be part of an ambitious education business. This is an incredibly exciting opportunity for established consultants who wants a new challenge!Are you an forward thinking individual with experience within the Education Recruitment sector? Do you want to join a team filled with thriving and exciting people? Do you want to earn a life changing salary?The successful person will have -Self-motivationA diligent and robust recruitment practiseAbility to partner with candidates and clientsAdditionally, you may have experience of -A full 360 experience within recruitmentAbility to grow a cold deskA desire to solution find and forward thinkOur client is offering you -£100k package on offerUncapped earningsPromotional pathways for growth and developmentSupportive leadership team"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Harrison Sands"	"Harrison Sands"	"JS148DE1FF/581961054"	"07/12/2018 09:08:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2n2"	NA
"Innovation Leader Drama/Performing Arts"	"3.00 Annual GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Innovation Leader Drama/Performing Arts"	"Southwark, London - 3.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a talented, qualified drama teacher who is a highly motivated middle leader and seeking a leadership post within supportive, yet challenging, academy that can offer a future Pathway to senior leadership. As Innovation Leader for Performing Arts/Drama, you will be a passionate practitioner who can lead the Department and help drive Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich towards excellence. Our Innovation Leaders are highly regarded within the academy and specialists within their field, but also hold whole school responsibilities working collaboratively with departments across the academy. At Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich, our Innovation Leaders hold similar responsibilities to a Lead Practitioner so would suit existing Lead Practitioners, or potentially, an aspiring lead practitioner. This is a fantastic opportunity to lead an established and successful department at a thriving academy where you will have excellent opportunities to engage in academy improvement and professional development activities across the wider Harris Federation. The successful applicant will be resilient, creative and a dynamic practitioner, and must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant degree. You will be fully supported through a comprehensive Induction Programme both within and across the Harris Federation. Leaders with the Harris Federation receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich: Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich opened in September 2009 and is judged Outstanding by Ofsted. Our vision is clear: nothing is impossible and everything is possible, irrespective of personal characteristics or background. Every problem has a solution. We believe we are more robust, resilient and determined as a team than as a group of individuals. We support, challenge and hold each other to account at all levels within the academy to ensure that our students achieve their potential, are motivated, engaged and fully prepared for life beyond our academy. The academy's specialisms are Enterprise and Sport with a 'can-do' ethos of always improving upon your personal best. We have now reached our full capacity of 750 students across Years 7 to 11 and we work in partnership with Harris Federation Post 16. In 2017, we achieved a Progress 8 score of +0.73, which places us in the top 6% of schools nationally. Why work at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich? The number seven boys' comprehensive school for student progress, which has been in the top 6% for student progress every year for the past five years Judged 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, we combine the traditional values of discipline, respect and good behaviour with contemporary best practice in teaching, learning and technology A superb group of students, teachers and support staff, led by an exceptionally experienced and supportive leadership team Excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Generous Harris rewards and benefits For a full job description and person specification, please download the Job Pack at our website via the button below.  For more information, or to arrange a visit or a confidential discussion with the Principal, please contact the academy on . Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"3.00 Annual GBP"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"JS3573_6822534/599154263"	"07/12/2018 07:06:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Ix"	NA
"Director of Learning Business"	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"South Croydon, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Director of Learning Business"	"South Croydon, Surrey - Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"We are seeking an exceptional, experienced and enthusiastic qualified teacher for a senior middle leadership role as Director of Learning (Business). Your opportunity The successful candidate will take responsibility for a strong and successful Business Department, providing vision, leadership and direction, and be a member of the Academy's middle leadership team. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious professional to join our team of committed staff who 'share a common sense of purpose and high expectations of what students can achieve' (Ofsted).  We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. We are looking for: A dynamic and outstanding teacher, holding QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree The ability to teach the Business curriculum at Key Stages 3, 4 and 5 An ambitious person with high expectations for yourself and your students Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education A performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students! About Harris Academy Purley Harris Academy Purley is an oversubscribed 11-19 co-educational academy with currently 1050 students on roll, situated on the Croydon/Surrey border. Open since September 2009, we are judged Outstanding by Ofsted, and moved into a state-of-the-art new building in September 2012.  We are a happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat on another with care and respect, combining traditional values of discipline and good manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology. The academy's leadership team and staff share an expectation that each and every student who joins Harris Academy Purley achieves his or her \"personal best\". With an emphasis on Enterprise, the academy strives each and every day to create a culture and ethos which promotes curiosity, initiative and leadership in all our young people. Why work at Harris Academy Purley? \"This is an outstanding academy. High quality teaching promotes learning and enjoyment for all students.\" - Ofsted  The opportunity to be part of an oversubscribed, 'Outstanding'-rated academy A superb, modern working environment with state-of-the-art facilities A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect Generous Harris benefits and rewards package Come and see us in action: visits to Harris Academy Purley are strongly encouraged and very welcome. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"South Croydon, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"HARRIS ACADEMY PURLEY"	"HARRIS ACADEMY PURLEY"	"JS3573_6818740/592930165"	"11/12/2018 09:10:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsqp"	"Graduate"
"1:1 Tutor: Cheshire"	"GBP"	"Knutsford, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"1:1 Tutor: Cheshire"	"Knutsford, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description 1:1 Tutor: Cheshire EastAre you a qualified teacher or experienced tutor looking for flexible work in the Cheshire area?Would you like a role that is extremely rewarding, both professionally and financially? I am looking for 1:1 Tutors to support Looked After Children in the Cheshire area across a range of core subjects. This tuition may take place in school, at the pupil's home or in a local community setting, and is often for two hours a day, five days a week during school hours. Many of our tutors complete several different assignments per day as the work is both consistent and flexible.RequirementsQTS or extensive tuition experienceChild Only DBS on the update serviceCalm and patient teaching styleDriving licence (preferred)If this sounds like the role for you, or you would like further information, please get in touch using the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Knutsford, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS917F7470/592626455"	"10/12/2018 07:08:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIr"	NA
"Computer Science NQT"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Computer Science NQT"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Attention Computer Science Teachers*Academics is looking for a computer science teacher to work in a college in central London.They are looking for someone to start straight away.If you have UK expiernce working in schools or colleges then please apply now!* Computer Science Teacher* ASAP Start* Central LondonApply now and call on for more details "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSEF57F62E/599178611"	"10/12/2018 07:10:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJ3"	NA
"PE Teachers - Cannock"	"GBP"	"Cannock, Staffordshire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teachers - Cannock"	"Cannock, Staffordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced or newly qualified PE teacher? Are you available for a long term contract?Academics Ltd are a teacher recruitment Consultancy specialising in Day to Day Supply and Long Term/Permanent Vacancies - we are now looking for experienced and Newly Qualified PE Teachers for schools in the Stafford and Cannock area.We are looking for teachers who are qualified to teach key stage 3, 4 and 5 in PE. You will have a proven track record of good teaching and a strong background in classroom management. You will be able to deliver the curriculum in an enthusiastic way meeting the needs of all your students.You will have strong subject knowledge and you will be able to plan effective lessons that encourage your pupils to get involved and learn.To be considered you must have:QTS or QTLSRelevant degreeClassroom experienceGood behaviour managementIf you are a PE teacher looking for a long term or permanent teaching position please forward your CV now. "	"Cannock, Staffordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBA75AEE0/592626291"	"10/12/2018 07:08:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIs"	NA
"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"Merton, London"	"Permanent"	"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"Merton, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media studies teaching job - KS3/KS4 - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS.JOB DESCRIPTIONMedia Studies Teacher required for an exceptional school in Merton, South London they are looking for a Media teacher to join them in January and to teach across Key Stages 3 and 4. The school has excellent English/Media Faculty and the school is looking for a teacher on a full time basis. This is a great opportunity to work in an outstanding school. The school is keen to meet teachers ASAP, ideally in the next few weeks.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is based in a lovely area in Merton, South London and the school was rated as \"Outstanding\" by OFSTED in its last inspection. The school was newly opened in 2006 and has superb facilities in all departments. The school has a very good level of behaviour and the academic standards are very high, and this is reflected in their exam results. They believe students should take responsibility for their learning and their actions. The pupils are encouraged to be challenged in lessons and to understand that learning is not always about getting the right answer.\"Outstanding\" OFSTED report.81% + at GCSE level 5 GCSE or moreFantastic facilitiesEstablished Media DepartmentFriendly staff and good working environmentApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Media Studies teachers and overseas trained Media Studies teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Thomas on today!REQUIREMENTSAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Merton, London, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC7E2F0F1/575216783"	"11/12/2018 09:19:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsz0"	NA
"Teachers required - supporting young people within care system"	"GBP"	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Teachers required - supporting young people within care system"	"Tower Hamlets, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Experienced Teachers Required - Working with young people within the care systemAre you an experienced primary, secondary or SEN teacher seeking a new challenge away from classroom teaching?Would you be interested in a role working with young people within the care system?Are you looking for a role that is 3 - 5 days per week?* Non teaching role* Role working with young people within the care system* East London based* January start* Flexible working days* Long term supplyMy client, an East London based organisation that work with young people within the care system are looking for two experienced teachers to join the team from January.This may be the ideal role if you are an experienced teacher with varied experienced and are looking to get away from classroom teaching.The main duties of this role will be to visit schools, liaise with Head teachers, social workers and external agencies in regards to the pupils you are supporting.The current team is a mixture of experienced primary/secondary and SEN teachers who have picked up a good range of varied experiences within their teaching career.All teachers work on a long term supply basis at the school. Some of the teachers have worked for the organisation for over 7 years.The school open to teachers who can commit to 3- 5 days per week.To apply for this role please send an up to date CV or call James at Academics on  "	"Tower Hamlets, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS6F65D6F3/599779428"	"08/12/2018 11:04:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDiD"	NA
"Support Workers"	"GBP"	"Norfolk"	"Permanent"	"Support Workers"	"Norfolk - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	" Experienced Support Workers needed for day to day, medium and longer term placements.Teach Ltd is a local specialist Teacher and Support Staff supply agency. We always want to welcome local Support Staff to join our friendly team. Please get in touch if you are available - we are looking for both full and part time teachers to join us. We offer great rates of pay, a supportive team behind you, free certified training courses and the opportunity to try working at a variety of local schools. Please get in touch anytime - call the office on or email us at  We look forward to hearing from you."	"Norfolk, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teach Norfolk"	"Teach Norfolk"	"JS6295_329918375/597370301"	"07/12/2018 09:09:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o6"	NA
"Part time Science Teaching vacancy in Leyland School!"	"£120 - £140 per day GBP"	"Leyland, Lancashire"	"Contract"	"Part time Science Teaching vacancy in Leyland School!"	"Leyland, Lancashire - £120 - £140 per day GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description I am working alongside a secondary school in Leyland who are looking for a Science Teacher to work 2 days a week to support the Head of Department with the curriculum. This is a very niche position and an exciting opportunity for an incoming Science Teacher who is looking to take the next steps in their career, or someone who has previous experience of a senior role within the Science department.The role involves minimal teaching and more time spent devising the curriculum with the Head of Department. It is a part time position and the school can be flexible on working days, but ideally not a Monday - everyone's dream!The school is located in Leyland with excellent surrounding public transport links and on site parking facilities. It is an Ofsted judged 'Good' school with approx. 750 students on roll. Behaviour of the students is also good.The rate of pay will be between £120 - £140 per day (dependant on experience). The role is to start ASAP or from January and is for a term, at least.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Leyland, Lancashire, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"£120 - £140 per day GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS4F19D743/586922104"	"05/12/2018 14:17:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln3U"	NA
"Full-Time Tutor"	"GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Full-Time Tutor"	"Southwark, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description A specialist school that caters for secondary aged students with social, emotional and mental health needs are currently seeking an Unqualified Teacher/Tutor to primarily deliver English to two separate classes of six students. This is a full time position and required a strong knowledge in Literacy and GCSE English.The successful candidate will be responsible for liaising with the Head of Department and constructing lesson plans and Educational Health Plans. Each of these students are no longer attending mainstream schools for various reasons, such as facing depression and anxiety, low confidence and self-esteem, speech and language difficulties, as well as a wide range of other mental health issues. It is important to create a nurturing and caring environment as these students can struggle with social skills, therefore close consideration needs to be taken in to account when planning and delivering lessons.Extra-curricular activities is a huge focus for this school as these students may have never been put in to social and team building activities. Life out of school may lack structure and direction, therefore creating a life away from education as well as in is very important.The school currently have two sites, both within the Borough of Croydon.Requirements:Completed degree.Experience leading classes.Strong subject knowledge and proven track record in English and Literacy up to GCSE.Experience working with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health).Desire to progress."	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSEDD98D2C/600718573"	"10/12/2018 07:07:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIM"	NA
"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"GBP"	"New Milton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"New Milton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are working closely with a SEMH Provision in the New Milton area in order to provide a committed and enthusiastic Teacher of Science for a permanent role, starting in January 2019.The SchoolThe school is a 7-16 Academy which provides a safe and supportive environment for young people aged between 7 and 16 who are trying to overcome their emotional and medical barriers to learning. Sometimes, these barriers generate behavioural challenges that also result in them struggling to succeed in a mainstream school.The TeacherThe school require a Fully Qualified Teacher, specialising in Science, ideally they will have some Alternative Provision/Special School experience and have experience in running their own department. Due to the nature of the role, the Teacher will excellent behavioural management skills and/or experience.The RoleTo be accountable for leading, managing and developing Science within the school;To be accountable for student progress so that each individual student achieves their optimum level across all science disciplines and ensuring that effective strategies are in place to further raise standards of student attainment and achievement;To ensure the provision of an appropriately broad, balanced, relevant and differentiated curriculum for students studying within the department, in accordance with the aims of the school and the curricular policies determined by the Governing Body and the Headteacher;To ensure the effective management and deployment of teaching/support staff, financial and physical resources within the department;To ensure the development and enhancement of the teaching practice of others;To ensure that Health and Safety procedures are adhered to at all times by all members of the department;To play a full part in the life of the school community, to support its distinctive vision and ethos and to encourage and ensure staff and students follow this example.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"New Milton, Hampshire, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS59E4E8A8/582371618"	"07/12/2018 09:16:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2vs"	NA
"Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistants - Hounslow!"	"GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistants - Hounslow!"	"Hounslow, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description  Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions - \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hounslow - Immediate starts available! Opportunity to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct - NO FEES!I am currently working with an Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School in the Borough of Hounslow who wish to recruit strong Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistants for immediate starts! Applicants must have a strong subject knowledge and confident approach as the role involves working with very able A-Level students. Candidates who excel in the role will have the opportunity after 1 year to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct!* Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions* Outstanding Secondary School in the Borough of Hounslow* Competitive rates of pay * Immediate start available!* Opportunity to complete Schools Direct Teacher TrainingEager to kick start your career in teaching in an Outstanding school?Consider yourself a top academic with a personality to inspire students?If you answered yes to the above I want to hear from you today!This is a top performing school where students receive an outstanding education. The environment is supportive yet challenging, allowing students to flourish and reach their full academic potential. Students can choose from an extensive range of subjects and are encouraged to partake in an abundance of extra-curricular activities. You will be joining an experienced teaching and support staff who are experts in their subjects and passionate about nurturing and developing their students towards successful future careers. As a Maths/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant, you will support the class teacher with all relevant classroom duties. You will be providing students with one to one support and also work with small groups in the build up to the examination period. You must have a very positive and confident approach and strong subject knowledge as you will be working with very able A-Level students. You will have the personality to inspire students and encourage them to achieve their highest potential. "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS81F7D593/584011086"	"05/12/2018 16:19:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo6U"	"Graduate"
"English/Maths/Science Graduate TAs - Borough of Hounslow!"	"GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Permanent"	"English/Maths/Science Graduate TAs - Borough of Hounslow!"	"Hounslow, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description  Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions - \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hounslow - Immediate starts available! Opportunity to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct - NO FEES!I am currently working with an Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hounslow who wish to recruit strong Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistants for immediate starts! Applicants must have a strong subject knowledge and confident approach as the role involves working with very able A-Level students. Candidates who excel in the role will have the opportunity after 1 year to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct!* Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions* Outstanding Secondary School in the Borough of Hounslow* Competitive rates of pay * Immediate start available!* Opportunity to complete Schools Direct Teacher TrainingEager to kick start your career in teaching in an Outstanding school?Consider yourself a top academic with a personality to inspire students?If you answered yes to the above I want to hear from you today!This is a top performing school where students receive an outstanding education. The environment is supportive yet challenging, allowing students to flourish and reach their full academic potential. Students can choose from an extensive range of subjects and are encouraged to partake in an abundance of extra-curricular activities. You will be joining an experienced teaching and support staff who are experts in their subjects and passionate about nurturing and developing their students towards successful future careers. As a Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant, you will support the class teacher with all relevant classroom duties. You will be providing students with one to one support and also work with small groups in the build up to the examination period. You must have a very positive and confident approach and strong subject knowledge as you will be working with very able A-Level students. You will have the personality to inspire students and encourage them to achieve their highest potential. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please email your CV to me without delay!  "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS1BFDF17E/575216892"	"05/12/2018 16:17:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo46"	"Graduate"
"Experienced TA or HLTA req for All-boys school in Nw London"	"25k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Experienced TA or HLTA req for All-boys school in Nw London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 25k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"- Teaching Assistants Needed - All boys Secondary Faith School based within the SEN Department - North West London - ASAP Start We are currently looking for Experienced Teaching Assistants, HLTA or Newly Qualified Teacher who are open to support work to work within All-boys secondary Faith School located in North West London. This is for an ASAP start and is on a full time perm basis. We are ideally looking for proactive and enthusiastic candidates with a real drive to make a difference. The role  If you have a love for working with young students and truly desire to make a difference to their learning experience, supporting them to achieve their goals and ultimate desires, enabling them to move on to a prosperous future, this role is perfect for you. You must be an experienced Teaching Assistant with strong literacy and numeracy knowledge. To be considered a real asset to the school, you must demonstrate: Experience of working with Special Educational Needs or open to gaining experience in SENIdeally HLTA or very experiencedConfidently able to provide 1:1 and small group support workA genuine passion for education and supporting the development of othersStrong interpersonal skillsGreat organisational skills with a friendly and professional manorThe school The School is an exciting place to work and learn as they take seriously the fact that their children and young people only get one chance at an excellent education. To this end they strive to ensure that everyone in the School community is able to take advantage of the best available facilities and opportunities during their time with them. They aim to equip their children and young people with the skills necessary for life in an ever-changing, highly technological world whether it be their intention to progress through their sixth form and on to university or into employment. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to Joe Inglis or give him a call on  We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of SEN schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"25k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36527868/596908232"	"05/12/2018 12:42:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnAT"	NA
"Assistant/Associate Professor (Teaching) in Science and Pedagogy ITE "	"GBP"	"Durham, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Assistant/Associate Professor (Teaching) in Science and Pedagogy ITE "	"Durham, United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Assistant/Associate Professor (Teaching) in Science and Pedagogy ITE The role The School of Education has an opportunity for either an Assistant Professor (Teaching) or Associate Professor (Teaching), depending on experience, in Science and Pedagogy Initial Teacher Education.We invite applications from well-qualified and experienced educators to join the OFSTED Outstanding Initial Teacher Education teams here in the School of Education at Durham University.We are looking for a colleague who shares our passion for learning and teaching who is able to support excellence in the development of new teachers.The School of Education is one of the very best UK Education departments, with an outstanding reputation for excellence in teaching, research and employability of our students.It is renowned for the quality of the Initial Teacher Education (ITE) provision.The ITE programmes were rated as 'Outstanding', across the board, in 2011 and again in 2013.The School offers several routes into teaching, at both undergraduate and postgraduate level, including programmes that lead to Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) and programmes that prepare trainees to work in international school contexts.The ITE provision has a well-established partnership across the North East of England, which comprises of over 500 Primary and Secondary schools.The School works closely with partners in Geneva and China to support a vibrant Community of Practice.Together, Durham University and school partners provide innovative routes for many students to realise their ambition of becoming a teacher; developing critically informed, reflective and reflexive practitioners.Our students bring qualities that are highly regarded by schools and teachers.Our alumni continue to make significant contributions to the world's teaching body - both increasing teacher diversity and addressing subject shortages.Our vacancy offers an exciting opportunity to make a major contribution to the development of the School of Education's teaching and curriculum while allowing unrivalled opportunities for career progression in an exciting and progressive institution.The successful candidate will have qualified teacher status and experience of teaching in schools.They will be able to enthuse and motivate students, be able to employ innovative teaching approaches and have excellent interpersonal and facilitation skills.Previous experience of working with trainee teachers and/or providing professional development will be an advantage.The post involves teaching both undergraduate and postgraduate trainee teachers and some administrative responsibilities related to the courses.At Durham, we work closely with our partner schools and the person appointed will be expected to engage with schools to develop this further.Teaching track colleagues are expected to engage in scholarship to inform their practice.The School has a scholarship support team who guide and mentor new staff, as well as providing opportunities to share best practice and attend external events.The successful candidate will ideally be in post by September 2019."	"Durham, United Kingdom"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Durham University"	"Durham University"	"JS98A8F1103419/600434339"	"11/12/2018 13:08:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmuef"	"Graduate"
"Psychology Lecturer - Havant & South Downs College"	"28890.00 - 35112.00 Annual (actual salary 17,334 - 21,067) depending on experience and GBP"	"Waterlooville, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Psychology Lecturer - Havant & South Downs College"	"Waterlooville, Hampshire - 28890.00 - 35112.00 Annual (actual salary 17,334 - 21,067) depending on experience and GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Fixed term until Easter 2019 Havant and South Downs College is seeking to appoint an experienced and qualified lecturer to join the Psychology team. This position will suit an enthusiastic and engaging teacher, who enjoys working with ambitious young people, and who wishes to contribute to a successful and inspirational curriculum team. The successful candidate will have a desire for passing on skills, knowledge and experience in a rewarding further education environment, and will have a proven track record of achieving excellent levels of retention, achievement and high grades. Experience of teaching at A-level is essential. Closing date: 12 December 2018 Interview date: tbc "	"Waterlooville, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28890.00 - 35112.00 Annual (actual salary 17,334 - 21,067) depending on experience and GBP"	"Havant & South Downs College"	"Havant & South Downs College"	"JS4513_71168/601685381"	"10/12/2018 07:09:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgJo"	NA
"Year group Leader - January start"	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Year group Leader - January start"	"London - 48k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This fantastic school is seeking to appoint a Year Group Leader across Year 1, 2 and 3 from January 2019, who will also teach a small class of KS2 students. In the heart of the culturally diverse borough of Brent are seeking an experienced and dynamic teacher to join their Leadership Team from January on a full time and permanent basis. This School aims to inspire and challenge pupils to instil a life-long love of learning through an innovative and creative curriculum. Their outstanding teachers provide pupils with a broad curriculum, which develops critical thinking and enquiry skills and encourages pupils to use their imagination as they explore both the academic and extra-curricular offerings at the school. This position will be integral to the school as it continues to expands. As a middle leader you will have responsibility of leading the 3 year groups and helping to shape the curriculum from Years 1 to 3, as well as having an impact across the wider school. This is a three form entry primary school. The successful candidate will play an important role in developing the KS1 and KS2 team during a period of raising standards and be a pivotal member of the school staff team. Essential Requirements: - Experience within middle management - Be an outstanding practitioner with a PGCE, Bachelor of Education or equivalent - Ability to use your passion and commitment to make a real difference for the children in this school - Have the creativity and drive to support this newly established school as it expands further. In return the school can offer: - A committed and friendly team already achieving excellence in their lower school and aiming for the same as it expands into KS2 - The support of an established KS1/2 team - Children who are well behaved, happy and eager to learn - A commitment to high quality professional development - A supportive and encouraging senior management team. Next Steps: The school are looking to interview candidates ASAP and so are accepting applications from now onwards with the view to interview in the coming weeks. If you feel that you are a strong Key Stage 1 (KS1) or Key Stage 2 (KS2) teacher ready for the next step in your career or looking for a new challenge in a school with an exciting and bright future then send your CV through to Ruby at Reeson Education or call directly to find out more. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36534506/597179940"	"06/12/2018 07:04:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvG1"	NA
"Head of Media - Permanent - Bexley - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Bexley, London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Media - Permanent - Bexley - January 2019"	"Bexley, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Head of Media - Permanent - Bexley - January 2019 (Still Available)Head of Media - January 2019Permanent Key stages 3 - 5A good school (Ofsted)Salary: £28,660 - £47,298 + TLRAre you a dedicated and reliable Media Teacher? Are you able to teach Media confidently to KS5? Are you looking for a Head of Department post? A good secondary school in Bexley are looking for a Head of Media for January 2019. This role is excellent for those who have had experience as a 2nd in charge of department or a key stage coordinator looking to progress into a middle leadership role.This will be a permanent contract; interviews are being arranged as suitable applicants apply to this post. You can be offered great resources, outer London pay, a Head of Department TLR, and a supportive team. They are looking for an experienced Media teacher with confident subject knowledge up to KS5 level looking to progress or a current Head of Media looking to work in a good school. About the School:Good Ofsted rating in most recent inspectionsWell run school with strong leadership in placeCulturally diverse and vibrant student bodyExcellent technology and facilitiesWide range of extracurricular activitiesSchool is easily accessible by public transportAbout the Role:Permanent role starting in January 2019HoD role in BexleyGood team ethos within the departmentExcellent NQT supportOuter London PayTo be eligible you must: *Be a qualified teacher (ideally PGCE with QTS)*Have UK teaching experience*Excellent knowledge in Media (Up to KS5)*Must hold relevant degree (2.2 and above)*Experience as 2ic or key stage coordinator is desirable*Must have consistent behaviour management*Be a UK resident or be eligible to work in the UK*Hold a current and up to date DBS disclosure (or be willing to apply for one)*Encourage students to reach their full potentialApply with your most up to date CV or call for more information.  "	"Bexley, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS4FA42E83/590131008"	"05/12/2018 16:16:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo4i"	NA
"English and Media Graduates"	"GBP"	"Liverpool, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Graduates"	"Liverpool, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description .*English and Media graduates required .*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent job .*Excellent CPD opportunities with Teaching Personnel Teaching Personnel are working in partnership with a number of Secondary schools in Liverpool who seek to hire graduate teaching assistants for their support team on a full and part time basis. The post of Graduate teaching assistant will involve working with children who are under achieving and lacking confidence and additionally present challenging behaviours. At this time of year there is also a high demand for day to day teaching assistants so if you are available 3 days or more per week between 8.30-3.30pm, please get in touch.Applications are welcome from Graduates of all backgrounds, previous experience as working with children or vulnerable adults is desirable, if you are in the process of applying for teacher training or have a place secured for 2018/19 this opportunity to work as a graduate teaching assistant would be ideal preparation for you.*Full time temporary position employed via Teaching Personnel*Graduate teaching assistant position - L11 area*Great preparation for aspiring teachers*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent jobTeaching Personnel work with over 3000 schools nationwide; if you are looking to quickly secure work in a school and want to be considered for this position please apply straight away: Want to enquire? Email and please make sure you include a small cover letter telling us why you feel you would be right to work in these environments. The more information you give us the more we tell our schools about you! WE ARE HERE TO HELP and we want to help you succeed in a position that's right for you!Not the role for you? Call today and find out if there are any other roles which may interest you. We have a primary, secondary and SEN branch within the Liverpool office. Call today.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Liverpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS5F740050/582753975"	"11/12/2018 09:19:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmszy"	"Graduate"
"2018/19 Harris Graduate Programme: Primary"	"19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"2018/19 Harris Graduate Programme: Primary"	"London - 19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"If you are a recent graduate who is passionate about helping children achieve their potential, our Graduate Programme is for you. We believe the most effective way to experience all aspects of school life is to be based in a school environment, learning to teach with expert classroom practitioners. Our school-based Primary Teaching Assistant placements (Early Years to Key Stage 2) can be your first step on the journey towards a job as an outstanding educator. We can offer you invaluable classroom experience to help develop your knowledge and skills ahead of initial teacher education. We expect that many of our graduate Teaching Assistants will go on to complete their Initial Teacher Education (ITE) through the Harris School Direct programme. As an employee with the Harris Federation, you will receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (LGPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. We want every child in London to have the best possible education, enabling them to fulfil their potential and decide their own future. We are looking for driven, dedicated people who share our belief that every child has the potential to do well. When people like this work together, anything is achievable. The people you will be working with will support and motivate you in achieving your career ambitions. Our exceptional teachers, staff and leaders come from a wide range of backgrounds, but they all share a passionate commitment to give our students an outstanding education in an inspiring and happy school environment. If you are a recent university graduate (or will graduate in 2018) who is interested to gain initial classroom experience as a Teaching Assistant in the primary phase, we want to hear from you. We are  Working as part of a highly experienced, collaborative and talented team at one of our academies, your role will be to provide support, either as 1:1 tuition, or to small groups of students with varying abilities in Early Years, Key Stage 1 or Key Stage 2. You will be encouraging and supporting individual pupils to reach their full potential, whilst demonstrating a creative and determined attitude that will help motivate students. You will be directly supporting the students with their learning, as well as helping to organise the teaching and learning resources available to students and staff. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading academy group where we will help develop your teaching skills and offer you valuable work experience. For graduates looking to gain Qualified Teacher Status, our graduate programme is a great starting point before exploring initial teacher training where you could earn up to £30,000 for high-priority subjects. Our Harris School Direct Programme offers a PGCE, QTS and 60 Masters credits upon graduation. Apply now to see how you could accelerate your teaching career at one of our exceptional academies. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"19896.00 - 20952.00 Annual FTE based on experience and location GBP"	"Harris Federation"	"Harris Federation"	"JS3573_6814310/582041378"	"11/12/2018 09:17:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmsyV"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistant"	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Contract"	"Teaching Assistant"	"Southwark, London - 12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Currently looking for a male Teaching Assistant who has some experience in managing behavioural difficulties.  This casual contract role is responsible for supporting the delivery of education to an individual student(s) using creative approaches to help them reach their academic potential. The students are referred to us for a variety of reasons which mean they are not able to access mainstream education. Reasons for this include students with SEN, medical needs or those that have been permanently excluded. This role will be working alongside a teacher who is responsible for planning and leading the lesson. Some assignments will have an end date but most will be for an indeterminate amount of time. This role can be based on or offsite or a mixture of the two. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6809422/602244602"	"10/12/2018 15:54:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmjdz"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant"	"GBP"	"Tonbridge, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant"	"Tonbridge, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description A lovely two form entry primary school in Tonbridge are seeking a motivated and dedicated teaching assistant to support across year 3 and year 4 helping to deliver targeted interventions and 1:1 support. The ideal candidate would have prior experience as a Learning Support Assistant and have a clear understanding of the National Curriculum.Typical dutiesReinforce lessons presented by teachers by reviewing material with the student one-on-one or in small groupsPlanning and conducting specific interventions with individuals and groupsUtilising your skills to assist all students who may be struggling with the curriculumWorking closely with the teacher to ensure that your time and energy is best spent in a way that optimises learning for the students and classTo apply for this role you will need:A Child Workforce only DBS on the Update Service (or willing to process a new one)Be fully registered with the Education Workforce Council, full support is provided to register.Be able to provide two relevant successful references in the last 6 yearsIf you would like to apply please respond to this advert by sending your CV or call Dan at the West Kent Primary Branch onAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Tonbridge, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS051AFA9C/600698748"	"10/12/2018 07:08:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIw"	NA
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant Teaching/Child Support - Term Time"	"On Application GBP"	"Folkestone, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant Teaching/Child Support - Term Time"	"Folkestone, Kent - On Application GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Pay: Academy Range 4 We are looking for an experienced Higher Level Teaching Assistant to provide classroom support, some class cover and to run intervention groups. Are you... Dedicated? Enthusiastic? A team player? In return, we can offer... Fabulous children who want to learn Ongoing professional development A school which puts the wellbeing of the staff and pupils first We are looking for an organised and dedicated HLTA to join our team. Knowledge of best practice and the ability to inspire and support both children and adults will be a key requirement. You should have recent experience and a good understanding of the school curriculum across the primary range, including strong subject knowledge in English and Maths as the post will involve running interventions with some of the most able Year 6 pupils. This post would be suitable for someone with an interest in completing teacher training. The successful candidate will be expected to engage in lunchtime activities and supervision, so an ability to play, have fun and actively supervise is essential. In addition to this, all employees are expected to contribute to the wider life of the school community and candidates should be mindful of this when applying for the position. The working hours for this post are 32.5 hours per week, working term time plus INSET days. Close Date: 12/12/2018 at 12:00 Interviews: To be confirmed Information about the trust  Turner Schools is a Multi-Academy Trust (MAT) based in Folkestone on the beautiful Kent coast, a town recently voted among the coolest places to live in the UK. Turner Schools is committed to ensuring success without selection for our pupils by teaching them the core knowledge and life skills they need to thrive in the modern world. Our mission is to set a new standard in non-selective education, empowering our pupils with cultural capital. In this way we will contribute to the regeneration of the region; we call this mission sea-change. Turner Schools is committed to leading schools where children thrive and knowledge matters. Following Aristotle's philosophy, we believe that educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. Accordingly, we have encapsulated the Trust's ethos and values in the acronym HEART meaning we have: H: High Expectations - of yourself, of others, including in terms of aspiration for the community and children we serve, conduct and standards in the widest sense E: Enthusiasm - in attitude and to nurture it in others be they pupils/students, parents or colleagues; an A: Academic subject-based curriculum - tried and tested subjects delivered in coherent sequence R: Reading for all - achieving chronological reading age as well as love of this enabling and vital skill; and T: Teamwork - recognising that together we can achieve more than we can alone. Our HEART model gives stakeholders, staff, pupils and parents a common language. Our schools include: Folkestone All Age Academy; Morehall Primary; Martello Primary; and Turner Free School. Turner Schools is committed to providing a powerful education to local families where children thrive and knowledge matters. Turner Schools is committed to safeguarding children and promoting their welfare; it expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Any appointment is subject to thorough recruitment checks, including an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check (and checks against the barred list). We are an equal opportunities employer. To apply, please visit our website via the button below. KJT1 "	"Folkestone, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"On Application GBP"	"Turner Schools Family"	"Turner Schools Family"	"JS3573_6824387/600700341"	"10/12/2018 07:08:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIp"	NA
"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"United Kingdom - 48259.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"The College of North West London is a constituent college of the United Colleges Group (UCG), which was formed by the merger of CNWL with City of Westminster College.  UCG is based at the heart of the education sector in London. With both Colleges within the group having received a Good rating in their most recent Ofsted inspections, and with a combined turnover of c£50m, the Group has both the ambition and strength to create a lasting difference in the local communities it serves, and beyond.  This role will entail teaching generic construction skills and will cover various aspects such as Carpentry, Plumbing, Tiling, Plastering and/or Bricklaying and Electrical Installations so we are looking for a qualified teacher who has a vocational background in one of these areas with the ability to teach in all or a majority of the others at Level 1.   With extensive experience, you should be proud of the skills and the knowledge you have and want to share them with dedicated and hardworking students.   Qualified to NVQ Level 3 you'll be aware of what is required in the subject area and how best to deliver the courses.  Preparing course material and leading practical activities, you'll help our students achieve to the highest possible levels.  Whilst a teaching qualification is preferred, if you don't already have a teaching qualification we can help you get one.  This position offers 40 days paid annual leave per year plus public holidays, Occupational pension plan.Closing Date: 6th January 2019  This College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff to share this commitment. Successful candidates will be required to obtain a satisfactory enhanced criminal record disclosure.  "	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Colleges Group"	"United Colleges Group"	"JS4513_68786/592709329"	"10/12/2018 07:07:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIV"	NA
"Salaried GP, Harringay"	"£10,500"	"Harringay, London, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Harringay"	"Harringay, London, United Kingdom - £10,500"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - HarringayThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary team (Nurse Practitioners, Pharmacists, Physician Associates)Clinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role4 - 8 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based roleFull indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported"	"Harringay, London, United Kingdom"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£10,500"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSCE727F61/592626483"	"10/12/2018 07:03:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgDz"	NA
"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant!Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant!WE NEED VOLUNTEER GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANTS!Do you have an Undergraduate Degree?Do you live within City of Westminster?Do you need to further your experience in a School?Do you have 5 days available?An impressive one-form entry Primary School in the vibrant City of Westminster is seeking Graduates for their Volunteer Programme.Seeking Graduates with a Degree of 2.1 or above they are offering candidates 5 days of volunteer work within their School. This experience will, and can, offer a fantastic insight into the classroom and be a great way for an aspiring teacher to get hands-on experience with students. Ideal for Graduates who will be seeking a long term teaching assistant position, this can be a great way to \"get your foot in the door\" and receive an outstanding reference to assist your application.Being flexible in year groups they are ideally seeking Graduates for their Key Stage 2 classes; Years 3 to 6. You will be able to experience how a School runs day to day and the full responsibilities of a teaching assistant. Only going into the School for 5 days you will gain knowledge and confidence within the space of just one week - which will then help you in securing a long term TA role.To be considered you must have:An Undergraduate Degree - ideally within the last 4 yearsA bright, bubbly and friendly personalityThe drive to become a Teacher or work with children in your future careerOne week, Monday to Friday availabilityIdeally located within City of Westminster, or within commutable distance of the City of WestminsterTo be considered please send your CV to Becki Dedman at Academics. DO NOT MISS THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO BOOST YOUR CV  Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant - find out more about why this could be perfect for you! .education and training, education and training, education and training*  "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBB321344/583700114"	"09/12/2018 17:25:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmXQK"	"Graduate"
"Head of Chemistry"	"+ TLR2c (Inner London Scale) GBP"	"England"	"Permanent"	"Head of Chemistry"	"England - + TLR2c (Inner London Scale) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Head of Chemistry Salary: MPS/UPS plus TLR 2c (Inner London Scale) Required from February 2019 (or sooner) Oaklands School is a fully inclusive school with a wealth of opportunities for all learners to achieve their full potential. Our Progress 8 Scores are well above national average for the fifth year in a row. We are a school which serves the local community and promotes co-operation, responsibility and respect. We are seeking to appoint a dynamic, ambitious and outstanding practitioner as Head of Chemistry to lead and co-ordinate the delivery of Chemistry at Key Stages 3-5. Science at Oaklands is a high achieving subject area and Chemistry is an extremely popular subject at A level. The successful candidate will be an outstanding teacher and role model for future scientists, have a proven track record of high outcomes for learners in Key Stages 3 - 5 and will be able to manage and lead a team of dedicated specialists and non-specialists alongside the Head of Faculty. Last year our results placed the Science Faculty in the top 3% nationally in terms of progress 8, with an overall value added of 1.1. The overall percentage of two A*/C was 74% while the percentages of A*/A were 70% in Biology, 78% in Chemistry and 61% in Physics. Our higher attainers were ranked in the top 0.17% nationally in terms of progress 8, with a value added score of 1.4. At Oaklands we have highly committed and dedicated staff who work very hard so that our students can achieve their high expectations. If you think you can take our Science Faculty to greater heights, we look forward to hearing from you. Oaklands is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications for all posts from appropriately qualified persons regardless of age, disability, ethnicity, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, religion or belief. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful candidate will be DBS checked. For an application pack please contact: Telephone: . Closing date for applications: 9am Monday 7th January 2019. As the position is for a February or earlier start, the school may hold interviews for suitable candidates before the application closing date.  "	"England, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ TLR2c (Inner London Scale) GBP"	"OAKLANDS SCHOOLS"	"OAKLANDS SCHOOLS"	"JS3573_6824347/600700219"	"09/12/2018 15:04:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmUcJ"	NA
"Head of Computing"	"Negotiable, depending on experience GBP"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Computing"	"Hackney, London - Negotiable, depending on experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Head of Computing Salary - Negotiable, depending on experience Start date - January or April 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy, 100 Downs Park Road, E5 8JY Mossbourne Community Academy is currently seeking an outstanding Head of Computing. The successful applicant will be passionate about teaching Computer Science and about developing students as curious learners who will become fluent in the technical models and theories in computing. They will inspire students to appreciate the richness and diversity of the computing world by engaging with current trends. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successful Computer Science teaching across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Computing courses. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away.  Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development NQT Training Programme  Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership  Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. In order to apply for this position please follow the link to our website via the button below. NB: Applications may be considered whilst the post is being advertised. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline  \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Negotiable, depending on experience GBP"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6824761/601651343"	"09/12/2018 13:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmT3C"	NA
"Teaching Assistants Required In Camberley"	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Camberley, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistants Required In Camberley"	"Camberley, Surrey - 55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Psychology Graduate, who is excited at the thought of gaining experience working as a Teaching Assistant with pupils with SEN within a mainstream setting? We are currently working with a mainstream school in Camberley who are constantly looking for Teaching Assistants to work either 1:1 with pupils with SEN or as a general TA. The school are looking for Psychology graduates who have a career goal to work in Education. The Role Supporting the main Teacher in a range of subjectsWorking with pupils 1:1 or in small groupsHelping to engage pupils in lessons throughout the dayHave a drive to ensure all children get the best care that they are entitled toYou Achieved 2:2 or aboveUnderstanding of SEN from child development modules or educational Psychology.passionate individual who can bring your supportive approach to helping primary school pupilscalm approach to challenging situationsFlexible communication skills.To find out more contact Matt on or email  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates applying to posts through Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure via the DBS. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Camberley, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36563887/599799276"	"08/12/2018 09:05:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDaW"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistants Required In Redhill"	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Redhill, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistants Required In Redhill"	"Redhill, Surrey - 55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Are you a Psychology Graduate, who is excited at the thought of gaining experience working as a Teaching Assistant with pupils with SEN within a mainstream setting? We are currently working with a mainstream school in Redhill who are constantly looking for Teaching Assistants to work either 1:1 with pupils with SEN or as a general TA. The school are looking for Psychology graduates who have a career goal to work in Education. The Role Supporting the main Teacher in a range of subjectsWorking with pupils 1:1 or in small groupsHelping to engage pupils in lessons throughout the dayHave a drive to ensure all children get the best care that they are entitled toYou Achieved 2:2 or aboveUnderstanding of SEN from child development modules or educational Psychology.passionate individual who can bring your supportive approach to helping primary school pupilscalm approach to challenging situationsFlexible communication skills.To find out more contact Matt on or email  Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates applying to posts through Teaching Personnel must undertake or have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure via the DBS. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Redhill, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"55.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36563797/599801222"	"08/12/2018 09:05:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDaV"	"Graduate"
"Sport Graduates needed for Teaching Assistant role in Blackburn"	"GBP"	"Blackburn, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Sport Graduates needed for Teaching Assistant role in Blackburn"	"Blackburn, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a successful Sports Graduate or are you graduating in 2018?Are you considering a route into teaching?Get in touch with Teaching Personnel to register for Future Teachers. Teaching Personnel is currently recruiting Sporting Graduates exclusively for a school in the Colne area. The school are looking to appoint Graduates to a Teaching Assistant role with the view to progressing onto their highly successful School Direct placements.As a nationally recognised Teaching School they are looking for forward thinking Sports Graduate looking to develop their career in education. The initial placement is a long term TA position working within your specialist subject. Roles include 1:1 and small group behaviour intervention, general class support and some Cover Supervisor work. With a huge range of experience available, the successful candidates will be perfectly equipped to successfully progress into the Initial Teacher Training.The school has an extensive network of partner schools, across East Lancashire, Salford, Bolton, Bury, Rochdale and Manchester areas. With a wide variety of school placements available there is a huge potential for securing your first teaching post upon the completion of your ITT.Paid, experience in a successful Teaching SchoolA direct route onto a highly recommended ITT courseAll Sports related degree subjects to be considered (to be discussed upon application)Induction process available with regular training opportunitiesWith a nearly 20 successful graduates placed this year already, this is an excellent opportunity to develop your experience in schools and gain progression onto your teacher training!To discuss the role further get in touch with Rob at Teaching Personnel Preston Secondary or click the apply now links to send your CV for this role!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Blackburn, Lancashire, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS16A39056/583700628"	"07/12/2018 13:31:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gO"	"Graduate"
"Long Term Teaching Opportunities from January across London and the Ho"	"80k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Long Term Teaching Opportunities from January across London and the Ho"	"London - 80k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Dear Colleagues, We are actively recruiting Primary School Teachers for the New Year. We have a wide variety of opportunities ranging from temporary, temp to permanent and short/long term supply. We will be ideally looking for British Trained Teachers but will also consider overseas trained. We will be recruiting for: All Areas of LondonEYFS/KS1/KS2Assistant HeadteacherDeputy HeadteacherPPA TeacherIntervention TeacherSEN Teacher/SENCo/InclusionNew candidates must have an up-to-date DBS. If you will be looking for a new Teaching Role in the New Year, please contact us via phone or via email so that we can register you and acquire the relevant documents. We look forward to hearing from you. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"80k Annual 00 GBP"	"Education Dreams LTD"	"Education Dreams LTD"	"JS3561_36519135/596910183"	"07/12/2018 09:07:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2m9"	NA
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"London - 80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Contract Term: Full time Long Term-Permanent Job Start: January 2019 Salary: £80-£90 per day Uniform Education are working with a welcoming and Friendly Four form, Outstanding Primary School in Wembley who is currently recruiting for a HLTA. This position is a full time, long term position with an opportunity to be permanent in September 2019, with scope for further development and training. Whether you're an aspiring teacher or simply love being a HLTA and want increased responsibilities of taking the class, you could be great for this position. Ideally, the suitable applicant for the HLTA role will be an experienced HLTA/TA with experience covering classes and leading groups of children with the HLTA qualification or equivalent Have a read of all the details before applying to this HLTA Cover Teacher opportunity. Job Description * Full Time HLTA role* Lovely team, very welcoming and friendly* SEN experience- ASD, BESD, MLD and SPLD. * Working closely with the SENCO and Class Teachers* Start January 2019 Person Specification * Experienced HLTA or TA* Experience covering classes* Knowledge of all three key stages beneficial* Graduates interested in teaching are urged to apply* A dedicated individual who can commit to the position School Information * Outstanding OFSTED graded primary school (4 form entry)* Located in the London Borough of Brent * Welcoming team of staff, excellent behaviour and a strong ethos* Free Parking Does this sound like the perfect HLTA opportunity for you? Perhaps you need some more details? If you would like to apply, please contact Kirsty Kemp on or email your updated CV  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"UNIFORM EDUCATION"	"UNIFORM EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36763461/597594999"	"07/12/2018 09:05:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lc"	"Graduate"
"Head of Business Studies and Economics in Harrow"	"662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Stanmore, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Head of Business Studies and Economics in Harrow"	"Stanmore, Middlesex - 662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Head of Business Studies and Economics - Harrow An Ofsted rated Oustanding secondary school in London are seeking to appoint a dynamic and well-qualified Head of Department for Business Studies and Economics on a Full time basis to start in January 2019. Do you have experience teaching your subject across all Key Stages? The successful applicant will be joining a department of Business and Economics Teachers who are dedicated to improving the attainment results and progress of their students. The school is extremely well facilitated with interactive whiteboards within all the classrooms and well-resourced departments. To be considered you will need to be a Business/Economics Teacher with the following: Qualified Teacher Status (QTS)Experience teaching Business and Economics to all Key StagesA track record for delivering strong results at GCSE levelYou will be a driven teacher with a strong desire for your students to succeed. Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Stanmore, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36489052/596921147"	"07/12/2018 09:05:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2la"	NA
"Behavior Support Worker Manchester"	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Behavior Support Worker Manchester"	"City, Manchester - 60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Behaviour Support Worker Manchester  Empowering Learning are looking for SEND specialist teaching assistants, behaviour support workers and pastoral care assistants for an SEMH school in Manchester. This is a specialist environment, so the right candidate MUST have experience relevant to this position.  SEMH SCHOOLS CAN BE CHALLENGING PLACES TO WORK, SO YOU WILL NEED TO BE A CALM, CONFIDENT PERSON WHO CAN ENGAGE WITH THE PUPILS AND UNDERSTAND THEIR SOMETIMES COMPLEX NEEDS.  THE CHALLENGES OF THE ENVIRONMENT GO HAND IN HAND WITH THE SENSE OF ACHIEVEMENT YOU WILL GAIN FROM SEEING THE YOUNG PEOPLE YOU SUPPORT PROGRESS. ESSENTIALS: . DBS ON THE UPDATE SERVICE  . COMMITMENT TO WORKING IN AN SEMH SCHOOL . PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE  . TEAM TEACH (PREFERRED) Empowering Learning is a well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy with branches located in London, Manchester and Cardiff and is known for the great care we take with clients and employees alike.  Our dedicated, professional teams proudly place our candidates and clients at the heart of our bespoke approach and ensure that we provide excellent recruitment solutions to clients and candidates - no matter where they are in the countryIf you are interested in this role please contact Sarah Akers on or email your CV over to  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36768776/598105219"	"07/12/2018 09:04:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kp"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant SEND Salford"	"60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Learning Support Assistant SEND Salford"	"City, Manchester - 60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Learning Support Assistant SEND  Empowering Learning are looking for SEND specialist Learning Support Assistants for a school in Salford. This is a specialist SEND environment so ideally the right candidate would have experience working in a similar setting. The school caters for secondary aged children with ASC, SLD and Complex Needs. Working in an SEND school is an incredibly fulfilling way to help pupils of all abilities with a variety of learning difficulties engage in education and realise their full potential.  You will work as part of a very close team of staff and build solid relationships throughout the school.  Essentials . DBS on the update service . A qualification in supporting teaching and learning or equivalent . Experience working as a Learning support assistant in a specialist setting  . The ability to work as part of a team as well as using your own initiative . Have experience of providing personal care support including feeding and toileting Empowering Learning is a well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy with branches located in London, Manchester and Cardiff and is known for the great care we take with clients and employees alike.  Our dedicated, professional teams proudly place our candidates and clients at the heart of our bespoke approach and ensure that we provide excellent recruitment solutions to clients and candidates - no matter where they are in the countryIf you are interested in this role please contact Sarah Akers on or email your CV over to  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36768775/598102413"	"07/12/2018 09:04:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2ka"	NA
"Maths Graduate - Brent, NW London"	"GBP"	"Wembley, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Graduate - Brent, NW London"	"Wembley, Middlesex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Maths Graduate - Brent, North West London  1st rule of maths - If it seems easy, you're doing it wrong.  Are you a recent Maths Graduate looking for a long-term, Full time role in an Academic Mentor role before deciding whether teaching is for you? A school in Brent has an opening for a Maths Graduate to start their teaching journey as an Academic Mentor for their GCSE and A-level students! *Maths Graduate required for Brent!*Long-term, Full time position for Maths Graduate*Academic support role needed for support across A-level and GCSE maths revision!*Must hold a minimum 2:1 graduate with a strong academic background*Experience in an academic support role highly beneficial *£65-£70 a day paid on a weekly basis! *Potential teacher training opportunities after the first term for Maths Graduate! The Maths Graduate will join the school's maths department and assist in the learning and the revision across GCSE and A-level maths students. If you are confident in other subjects ie science, English, IT you will be able to provide support within your secondary specialism.  In lessons you will provide general support to pupils who need support or extra clarification in topics and outside of this role you will support pupils in study sessions and promote learning in their free periods.  For this role, the Maths Graduate will benefit from having prior experience in an TA/Tutor role prior to this as it demonstrates your understanding of the requirements of an Academic Mentor however experience is not essential.  The school, based in Brent, are keen to meet a Maths Graduate to join their 'Outstanding' school and continue providing academic excellence. They are keen to meet a Maths Graduate who is looking to pursue teacher training, and has opportunities to support you through a paid, teacher training route.  Apply today! "	"Wembley, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36762684/597595553"	"07/12/2018 09:04:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kL"	"Graduate"
"Geography Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Geography Teaching Assistant"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Geography Teaching Assistant | Highly Regarded Secondary | South West London School Are you a Geography graduate? Maybe you're a graduate in subjects with a strong amount of Geographical inquiry such as Environmental Science, Geology or even Geo-science? If you are looking for experience in the classroom which could potentially develop into training as a teacher then look no further!  >> 2:1+ Graduates in Geography based subjects>> Top Secondary School in London>> ASAP Start - Long term Teaching Assistant Post>> Potential Geography Teacher Training Opportunity from September 2019>> Academic Secondary School with Exceptional Resources>> Excellent Mentoring from Outstanding Teachers and Senior Leaders A superb Teaching Assistant opportunity is available ASAP in a successful, academic secondary. The Geography Teaching Assistant post is open to Geography graduates or graduates with related degrees in subjects such as Environmental Science, Geology or even Geo-science. It is important to the school that any Geography graduate have a determination to succeed in education and is prepared to work hard to achieve this goal. Whilst supporting pupils this Teaching Assistant post will allow you to build your curriculum knowledge in addition to giving you the classroom confidence needed to start teaching your own classes. Pupils at this school enjoy a wide range of extra curricular activities, and you will be able to contribute your talents and ideas to them or maybe even plan your own. As a Teaching Assistant in addition to your classroom duties you will provide booster sessions in the form of 1:1 and small groups outside the classroom.  If you meet the requirements of this advanced secondary school, apply for the ideal Teaching Assistant role in London immediately! Click 'Apply Now' and send your CV and covering letter to Rebecca Constant at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36535125/597594771"	"07/12/2018 09:03:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2j0"	"Graduate"
"Senior Associate, Finance"	"24k Annual + 3k LW"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Associate, Finance"	"London - 24k Annual + 3k LW"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are delighted that you're interested in this role - it couldn't be a more exciting time to join us. We are a new organisation formed out of the merger of Ambition School Leadership and the Institute for Teaching. We know that great teaching and school leadership are the most powerful levers for transforming children's outcomes. Effective leaders set the culture and create the conditions for improvements in teacher expertise, and expert teachers can close the attainment gap. Yet too much professional development for teachers and school leaders is low-quality, generic and fragmented. Our new organisation, launching in Spring 2019, will have a single focus: to help teachers and school leaders to keep getting better. We think that this is the best way to make sure that every pupil, regardless of their background, gets a great education. We will be the largest teaching and school leadership development provider in England, with more than ten years of collective experience working with everyone from new teachers to multi-academy trust CEOs and all of the roles in between. Through our evidence-based Partnerships, we'll work with schools serving low-income communities to provide high-quality development for educators at all levels, built on an understanding of what schools really need to improve. Our work is informed by the latest research and practice from the front line. Moreover, it's shaped constantly by our Partnerships with schools and trusts across the sector and the frontline experience of our network of teachers and leaders. To help us achieve our vision and mission and establish a thriving and positive working culture, we are looking for high-calibre and ambitious candidates to join us. We are looking for a Senior Finance Associate to join our team. In this role you will have the responsibility of credit control & all other accounts receivable tasks. The candidate must possess good excel skills & a proven track record in reducing debt. The candidate is required to liaise with key stakeholders so good communication skills are vital.  Our offer We are happy to announce that we will be able to offer you: Agile working - a dynamic and flexible internal culture that gives employees control over the way they work and supports wellbeing A competitive annual leave entitlement - 25 days plus bank holidays A generous employer pension contribution - 11% (10% pension plus 1% NI rebate) Competitive salaries rates and life assurance Access to interest free season ticket and bike loans, as well as childcare vouchers An Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) which gives staff confidential support and personalised information and resources when they are experiencing everyday challenges or more serious problems. A proactive, positive and progressive approach to team development. How to apply Unfortunately, due to the number of applications we receive at this stage we will not be able to contact unsuccessful applicants. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"24k Annual + 3k LW"	"AMBITION SCHOOL LEADERSHIP"	"AMBITION SCHOOL LEADERSHIP"	"JS3573_6818856/592930051"	"06/12/2018 09:19:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwgY"	NA
"EBD TA role based in Lewisham"	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"EBD TA role based in Lewisham"	"London - 70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"EBD TA role based in Lewisham Primary SchoolBased in Lewisham£70 - £80 a day.depending on experienceEmpowering Learning are currently recruiting on behalf of a 'Good' School in Lewisham, who are looking for an experienced and committed TA to work 1:1 with a KS2 pupil who has Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties (EBD). This role is ideal for a teaching assistant who has experience with and a passion for working with SEN students. This will be a Full time job working Monday to Friday from 08:30 - 15:45 and will be a long-term assignment until July 2019 About the School Rated 'Good' by OfstedFriendly staff who work collaborativelyStrong and committed leadership team2 Form entryA creative and child centred approach to learningJob Responsibilities Working 1:1 with a pupil in year 5Employ strategies for behaviour management and report any problems to the teacherAble to stay calm and able to de-escalate challenging Behaviour Report any progress towards target for the pupil's behaviour support planProvide support during learning activitiesJob Requirements: Have knowledge of SENAbility to differentiate approaches to learningUnderstand trauma and impact on children's behavioursHave good behaviour managementDBS on the update service or be happy to obtain oneBenefits to you  Excellent rates of pay £70 - £80 a day.depending on experienceFree residential parkingDedicated consultant, with a wealth of experience and will support you during your assignmentIf you are looking for a rewarding role within the SEN sphere, we want to hear from you TODAY! Please contact Shamicka Jordan on and submit your CV today to:   Empowering Learning Ltd is a committed Equal Opportunities Employer and therefore will not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, ethnicity, disability or sexual orientation. Please note that successful applicants will be asked to apply for an enhanced DBS check via the Disclosure and Barring Service  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36545942/598331302"	"06/12/2018 07:04:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGx"	NA
"Daily Supply Teachers"	"130.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Daily Supply Teachers"	"London - 130.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Primary Teachers for Day to Day supply West & South West London Hounslow Richmond Kingston  Daily supply teachers - West London *Early Years (Including Nursery) *Key Stage 1 & Key Stage 2 *Competitive daily pay rate* *Daily & short term block bookings* *Great way to enhance experience, stay in Teaching but no hassle!.* *Ideal for Teachers looking for work & open to work while looking for long term/perm positions* *Close to home bookings, easy to commute to* *Turn up - Teach - Go home*  There has been a large increase in the need of Supply Teachers within the West & South West of London. With client schools of Academics requiring brilliant supply teachers on daily basis. *Daily Supply Teachers*.West London*  Working day to day we have a vast selection of client Primary Schools who frequently seek day to day teaching cover across Early years, Key stage 1 & 2. *Daily Supply Teachers*.West London*  This is a great opportunity for a Teacher looking to remain in the classroom but not have to deal with the stress of full time or planning constraints. *Daily Supply Teachers*.West London*  We aim to contact fantastic Teachers the evening before to arrange the School they will be going to the net day. Giving all information - address, times year groups etc. We very much aim to keep Teachers fully informed so they feel confident when going in to cover a class. Being able to tell Academics Consultants each week your availability will mean that you can pick and choose the days that you want to work. This can range from just the 1 to all 5! And can change on a weekly basis! Building a great relationship with a Primary School could even see you being asked specifically for by Head Teaches/Deputy Heads when cover is needed! OR be asked to return when a long term vacancy arises within the School. To find out more please contact or apply to to get started. QTS, experience teaching, able to travel within an hour is all ESSENTIAL! Education and Training Education and Training Education and Training Daily supply teachers  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36531941/597178912"	"06/12/2018 07:04:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGh"	NA
"Supply Teaching - Peterborough"	"120.00 - 130.00 Annual GBP"	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire"	"Unspecified"	"Supply Teaching - Peterborough"	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire - 120.00 - 130.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Are you looking for a Job in teaching without the pressures of marking and preparing? If so Supply teaching could be for you!At Reed Education we have a number of positions, full and part time that could be of interest. We work in close partnership with a number of primary schools around the Peterborough area. Reed are fast expanding in the Education sector and now require more fantastic teachers.We require teachers from right across the board from NQT to highly experienced individuals to support our primary schools. We are in the position to offer outstanding support and candidate care throughout your time working with Reed. We pride ourselves on our open and understanding working practices and would be happy to talk at any point.To be eligible for this role, you must: Be a qualified teacher (ideally PGCE, GTP, BEd, Cert Ed, BA with QTS) Have UK teaching experience. Be eligible to work in the UK. Hold a current and up to date DBS disclosure on the update service (or be willing to undergo a DBS check). Have the ability to encourage students to reach their potential. Excellent classroom management skills. Positive approach to teaching.As a part of the Reed Supply Team you could benefit from: Great rates of pay and a variety of work. A dedicated primary consultant. On going support throughout all assignments. Reed Global CPD and access to classroom tips and techniques. Potential long term teaching roles. Network of branches across the whole of the UK. A simple \"thank you\" for a job well done. Outstanding refer a friend scheme.Please apply with your CV and a member of the Reed Education Team will be in touch shortly! Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 130.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_35639485/598331326"	"06/12/2018 07:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEO"	NA
"Cover Supervisor Teaching/Child Support - Part-time"	"Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale GBP"	"Sittingbourne, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Cover Supervisor Teaching/Child Support - Part-time"	"Sittingbourne, Kent - Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Pay: Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale Start Date: Jan 2019 Cover Supervisor Band 5 £18,059 - £19,864 (£13,591.20 - £14,949.65 pro rata) 33 hours per week, worked over 5 days, term time only plus 5 inset days. We are a happy and ambitious school, excited about the future of education and determined to become 'outstanding'. The successful candidate will supervise classes in the absence of the teacher or form tutor, using plans and resources provided for them. We offer: A successful and vibrant workplace with great staff and pupils. A well-resourced environment with excellent opportunities for CPD. A supportive team who are committed to helping the school strive for excellence. Ofsted - 'Teachers have high expectations of their pupils and expect all pupils to give of their best'. Application packs available online  Please note - we cannot accept CVs without an application form. Closing date: Friday 14th December 2018 (noon) Interview date: Monday 17th December 2018 Swale Academies Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. This post is subject to an enhanced DBS Disclosure. Contact details: Emma Rannard Trust Principal: Mr J Whitcombe MA Executive Headteacher: Mr S Murphy Headteacher: Ms Y Peden Information about the school The Sittingbourne Community College - Part of the Swale Academies Trust The specialist Arts, Sport and Engineering school for Swale Swale Academies Trust - Registered in England - Company no.  Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Disclosure and Barring Service. KTJ1 "	"Sittingbourne, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale GBP"	"THE SITTINGBOURNE COMMUNITY COLLEGE"	"THE SITTINGBOURNE COMMUNITY COLLEGE"	"JS3573_6819324/594488006"	"05/12/2018 17:25:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpkQ"	NA
"Teaching Assistant + SEN Support - Term Time"	"KR GBP"	"Ramsgate, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Teaching Assistant + SEN Support - Term Time"	"Ramsgate, Kent - KR GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Pay: KR Start Date: Jan 2019 We have a vacancy at Chilton Primary School for a Teaching Assistant in one of our wonderful Year 1 classes. The post is required to support three children with additional needs within a whole class setting for twenty five hours per week. The successful candidate will be supporting these children at different points throughout the day but will also very much be working alongside the class teacher with the whole class to support teaching and learning. Our school ethos is 'One Childhood, one chance' and we are looking for someone with the enthusiasm and commitment to join our team. You must have: Previous experience of working with primary aged children - this is essential Great communication skills The skills to work within and contribute to a successful team The desire to make a difference to the education of our children We will offer you: An excellent teaching and support staff who are passionate about the work that we do Training and in-house expertise Advice and support from our experienced Trust Senco A friendly, vibrant and welcoming school. When completing the application form, candidates must thoroughly outline their suitability for the post within the 'reason for application' section. Without this detail, candidates will not be successful in being short-listed. Visits to the school prior to application are welcome. Please contact Mrs Kate Law, Head of School, by email to arrange this. The Viking Academy Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the care and welfare of children and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Appointment to this post will be subject to a Disclosure and Barring Service records check and references. Closing Date: 11/12/2018 at 09:00 Interviews: 14th December Information about the school Chilton Primary School is part of Viking Academy Trust which comprises of one junior school and two primary schools; Upton Juniors, Chilton Primary and Ramsgate Arts Primary School. Chilton is a two form entry school situated on the outskirts of Ramsgate. We provide distinctive and exciting learning environments in which all pupils receive the support and encouragement they need to become successful, confident pupils. The Viking Academy Trust has a dedicated staff team; determined in their efforts to ensure all pupils receive a first class educational experience. We combine a broad, challenging, high-quality education with excellent pastoral care and extra-curricular opportunity. Our aim is to educate our pupils in the broadest sense, offering a firm foundation for life, a challenging but safe environment and a strong community spirit. Our pupils; staff, parents and governors are proud of their school - come and see why! Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Disclosure and Barring Service. KTJ1 "	"Ramsgate, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"KR GBP"	"CHILTON PRIMARY SCHOOL-1"	"CHILTON PRIMARY SCHOOL-1"	"JS3573_6819314/594487991"	"05/12/2018 17:21:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpjC"	NA
"Maths Support Specialist"	"20193.85 - 22397.00 Annual and membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan GBP"	"Headington, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Maths Support Specialist"	"Headington, Oxfordshire - 20193.85 - 22397.00 Annual and membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Cheney School is a popular, high-performing school located in the heart of Oxford serving a diverse community of students who are eager to learn and to be challenged. You can read the outcome of our recent Ofsted inspection here: Ofsted Report  We are committed to continuous professional development and have wide-ranging training and development opportunities. In addition to an induction and training programme, if you wish to develop your career with us you will be provided with comprehensive support in preparation for making an application for teacher training or to undergo the School-centred initial teacher training ( SCITT ) programme with us. For further details about teacher training programmes we participate in please see the Oxfordshire Teaching Schools Alliance's website. We are looking for a skilled and enthusiastic Maths Support Specialist to join our Student Support and Maths Faculty. This role may involve planning, preparing and delivering learning activities to targeted individuals/small groups or short term for whole classes. Monitoring pupils and assessing, recording and reporting on pupil's achievement. There may be some responsibility for the management of other teaching assistants. This is a valuable opportunity for an individual who Has experience of working with and supporting young people with a high level of physical, emotional and learning needs Has an ability to work flexibly and independently Has a desire to promote high expectations and aspirations for young people Enjoys helping young people to overcome barriers to learning in order to raise attainment and achievement We can offer you Salary - Grade 8: £20,193.85 - £22,397.18 pro rata 37 hours a week, Term Time plus 1 INSET day The position comes with membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan. We also welcome applicants looking for flexibility with their work-life, where this subject can easily be discussed at the interview stage. Visits to the school prior to interview are warmly welcomed. To arrange a visit or if you would like more information about the role, please contact Becky Robson, Head of Student Progress (Vulnerable Students), by phone on: . How to Apply: Please download an application form and email it via the button below.  The Community Schools Alliance Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment.  Closing Date: Monday, 10th December, 8am  Interviews: W/c 10th December "	"Headington, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"20193.85 - 22397.00 Annual and membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan GBP"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817990/592930400"	"05/12/2018 15:23:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlogM"	NA
"Head of Science - Bromley Secondary School - September 2019"	""	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Head of Science - Bromley Secondary School - September 2019"	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Head of Science - Permanent Appointment*Salary - MPS or UPS with TLR*Permanent & Full time*September 2019 postLarger than average & highly reputable Coeducational Secondary School within mainstream education is recruiting for a permanent experienced Head of Science (MPS or UPS with TLR). This post is to start in September 2019.Situated in the borough of Bromley, this exemplary & successful school pride themselves on their courteous and academically driven students. Their pupils who want to learn and very passionate about their education. At this school, they have an Inspiring Headteacher who has excellent vision for this school. In addition he/she has a solid Senior Leadership Team with years of experience. They teach through the Key Stages up to their outstanding 6th form. Students are articulate, focused and respond well to Good to outstanding teaching.They are recruiting for a Good to Outstanding and experienced Science Teacher/Teacher of Science/Head of Science (MPS or UPS + TLR). It is imperative that you have a UK recognised teaching qualification to work within a secondary mainstream school. You will have a strong STEM background with sound subject knowledge, dedicated, enthusiastic, with impeccable leadership & managerial capabilities and experience. As an experienced MPS or UPS Science Teacher/Teacher of Science, you must have held a TLR post in your current school or a past school. This post would be suitable for either a Head of Physics/Head of Biology/Head of Chemistry/Head of Science/2IC Science/AST Science. It is essential that your teaching experience in Secondary Mainstream setting & taught at a minimum of KS3 and KS4 (KS5 beneficial).You will be looking for a 'step up' into responsibility OR already have a TLR role. The successful Head of Science will be leading with clear example & managing a team of Science teachers, Science Technicians etc. This is an exceptional and thriving School located in Bromley & a great school to have on your CV. If you are looking for an outstanding school that essentially is supportive, a true visionary of a Head teacher then this could be what you are looking for in your next appointment.Please apply today with your CV to avoid disappointment for this experienced Science Teacher + TLR appointment! You will have a Secondary School teaching certificate (UK recognised)Well qualified & experienced Science TeacherSound knowledge of the UK curriculum with a strong STEM background as a Science TeacherYou will have Secondary School mainstream Teaching experience (KS3 - KS4 minimum)You will either be an experienced Physics Teacher/HOD/2IC Science/Biology Teacher/Chemistry Teacher/Coordinator/Head of Science/Head of Chemistry/Head if Biology, AST etcExperience managing a team within a secondary school with excellent Leadership and Managerial attributesMust be able to enthuse your students, are engaging and able to inspire your pupils'good' to 'outstanding' Teacher of Science Teacher/Head of Science"	"Bromley, Kent, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	NA	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSD813AB0A/592977620"	"05/12/2018 14:18:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln4L"	NA
"Maths, English or Science Grad Teaching Assistant - Hammersmith"	"£65-£80 Per Day "	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths, English or Science Grad Teaching Assistant - Hammersmith"	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London - £65-£80 Per Day "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Have you recently graduate from university in the last three years?Hold a 2:2 or higher English, Mathematics or Science Degree ?Able to start n January 2019?Does an opportunity to complete a School's Direct Programme in 2019 appeal to you?If you have answered yes to above questions, then we would like to hear from you!An 'Outstanding' School in Hammersmith & Fulham are looking for strong English/Science and Mathematics Graduates to join their school ASAp or in January 2019. For the right candidates the school are willing to offer a School's Direct Programme for teaching assistants who are looking to pursue a teaching career through their school. Job specification Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant*Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School*Hammersmith & Fulham - Excellent public transport links*£65 - £80 per day *Opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher - NO FEES!Details of the SchoolThe school has great resources to aid skilled learning and education. The ideal candidate will be joining a team of highly experienced teachers and support staff, who are committed to delivering an outstanding level of education for students in their school to enhance their academic knowledge.As a Graduate Teaching Assistant you will:Support the classroom teacher with all relevant lesson requirements.Provide students with one to one support and small group intervention in the build up to the examination period.Have a very positive and confident approach and strong knowledge of your subject. Engage, inspire and encourage students to achieve their highest academic potential.In return, the school offers you the chance to train to become a fully qualified teacher in a supportive environment, with an excellent Continued Professional Development programme post qualification. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please submit your CV without delay!In addition, we also offer a referral scheme. Should you know anyone who is looking for a teaching assistant role, please contact us and we will be in touch. "	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£65-£80 Per Day "	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS3F6E4044/591393118"	"05/12/2018 14:18:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln3p"	"Graduate"
"Science and Maths Graduates"	"GBP"	"Childwall, Lancashire"	"Contract"	"Science and Maths Graduates"	"Childwall, Lancashire - GBP"	"Contract"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description .*Science and Maths graduates required .*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent job .*Excellent CPD opportunities with Teaching Personnel Teaching Personnel are looking to recruit science and maths graduates for their support team on a full and part time basis for a secondary school in the Childwall area in Liverpool. The post of Graduate teaching assistant will involve working with children who are under achieving and lacking confidence and additionally present challenging behaviours. At this time of year there is also a high demand for day to day teaching assistants so if you are available 3 days or more per week between 8.30-3.30pm, please get in touch.Applications are welcome from Graduates of all backgrounds, previous experience as working with children or vulnerable adults is desirable, if you are in the process of applying for teacher training or have a place secured for 2018/19 this opportunity to work as a graduate teaching assistant would be ideal preparation for you.*Full time temporary position employed via Teaching Personnel*Graduate teaching assistant position in Childwall area in Liverpool*Great preparation for aspiring teachers*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent jobTeaching Personnel work with over 3000 schools nationwide; if you are looking to quickly secure work in a school and want to be considered for this position please apply straight away: All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Childwall, Lancashire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSB91B6876/582753653"	"05/12/2018 14:17:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln3f"	"Graduate"
"Supply Teachers Needed in Bradford"	"GBP"	"Bradford, Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Teachers Needed in Bradford"	"Bradford, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Supply teachers required to work in schools across Bradford, immediate supply work available for newly qualified or experienced secondary teachers.Teaching Personnel are working in partnership with secondary schools across West Yorkshire, we are the preferred staff supplier to both BDAT and also the Bradford and Keighley Catholic Partnership. As this is a busy time of year for schools preparing Christmas, we are receiving an increased number of demands for supply teachers on a daily basis. This can include;Daily cover (morning or night before call to cover 1 day sickness)Week long bookings to cover for absent teachersPaternity covers for a period of 2 school weeksFull and half days, covering from 8:30am to 3pmCross curricular cover with pre-set class work from teachersWhether you are an experienced teacher nearing the end of your career or a teacher returning from a period outside the classroom, working as a supply teacher is an excellent way to network and build contacts in schools whilst gaining experience in a range of different schools. Teaching Personnel Leeds Bradford Secondary Branches work across Bradford including areas such as Keighley, Shipley, Skipton and Cleckheaton. If you are a qualified teacher looking for work in Bradford as a supply teacher, apply straight away for consideration.Please call Christian Walshe in the Teaching Personnel Leeds Bradford Secondary branch or submit a CV/Covering letter via the \"apply now\" link below. You will need to have a DBS (formerly CRB) certificate and suitable teaching based references to be cleared for supply work.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Bradford, Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1D075CCD/575815003"	"05/12/2018 12:57:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnIv"	NA
"SEN Teaching Assistant to start immediately - South East London"	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SEN Teaching Assistant to start immediately - South East London"	"London - 70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a SEN Primary School based in South East London which is looking for an SEN Teaching Assistant to start immediately. The School caters for pupils who have learning difficulties, often exacerbated by additional needs, including medical, speech and communication, emotional, psychological and behavioural and some physical disabilities. The school is well resourced and has excellent amenities as well as enjoying a professional and caring work ethos. The school possesses a calm and secure work environment and is led by a strong Head Teacher who provides exceptional on-going support throughout the school. We are looking for individuals who are patient, caring and confident and who want to make a difference in the education of children. You must have at least 6 months experience in a similar role. You must also have a valid CRB check. The school is located very close to an underground station and mainline station and its central location makes it an easy commute from any area in London. We are currently working with numerous long term positions so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education is a quality mark teaching agency that is committed to offering teachers and teaching assistants the finest opportunities throughout London and the UK. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address or visit our website and register online today. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36684576/587173200"	"05/12/2018 12:45:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnBO"	NA
"Head of Science role in Richmond - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Science role in Richmond - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"Twickenham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Head of Science - Richmond - January 2019 start - MPS/UPS. Are you an experienced Science 2ic who is ready to step up and lead your own Science Department?  Or... Are you an existing Head of Science who is keen on finding a role where you can add more value and progress your career towards SLT in the future?  If you are a middle leader looking to propel your career and take on more responsibilities in an inclusive secondary school in Richmond as a Head of Science, then look no further and keep reading for more information. .* Head of Science position available in Richmond* Permanent, Full-Time Head of Science role at a large secondary * Excellent CPD and career advancement opportunities available * MPS/UPS + TLR  Head of Science - Person Specification - Richmond This post requires a committed and experienced Science Teacher looking for more responsibility or a current career-minded Head of Science who feels they would thrive in a new environment where staff development is a true priority. We want to see experienced teachers with the drive to maintain a happy and motivated workforce through an open and honest management style that caters to the needs of their staff.  About the Head of Science role  In this Head of Science post, you will be leading the well-equipped Science Department as an important member of the middle management team, displaying Outstanding lessons for the rest of the department to model their practice. Part of this role will involve leading observations on all staff within the department and ensuring all staff are given the training and support needed to become true master teachers.  The School  This inclusive secondary school is found in Richmond and is surrounded by local shops and busy public transport routes that allows for quick and easy access. Thanks to the large amount of support and guidance offered by the MAT, the school is transforming after a period of coasting and is now reaching new heights for both results and behaviour.Head of Science - Richmond - January 2019 start - MPS/UPS. This exciting Head of Science vacancy is your chance to join an inclusive secondary school in Richmond - apply today to take the next step in your career. Simply click 'Apply' and send your CV All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS575D3B83/597175311"	"05/12/2018 09:39:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllTL"	NA
"Key Stage 2 NQT in Birmingham"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 2 NQT in Birmingham"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit an NQT for a Year 6 class. This is a Full time position starting in January until the end of the academic year at a Primary School located Birmingham.Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references.If you are interested in this job, please forward your CV to or alternatively give me a call on . I look forward to hearing from you. Monarch Education will pay £200 for any successful referral of Teachers and Teaching Assistants*"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS1DB940F9/596972460"	"11/12/2018 09:17:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmsx4"	NA
"Pensions Administrator"	"18k Annual 00 GBP"	"Ermine Business Park, Cambridgeshire"	"Unspecified"	"Pensions Administrator"	"Ermine Business Park, Cambridgeshire - 18k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 11 December 2018"	""	"Job Title: Pensions AdministratorLocation: HuntingdonSalary: £16-18kBenefits: As well as providing a supportive and friendly work environment, they also offer the following perks: CIPP Scheme (Certificate Institute of pay roll & pensions),Clear career Pathway with support and funding for professional developmentBUPA cash planGenerous pension schemeGenerous annual leave entitlementNon-contractual annual bonusChildcare vouchersCycle to work schemeFree, regular health and wellbeing assessmentsCharity fundraising eventsCompany socialsOur Client is Based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, and established in 1993, they are a specialist provider of HR and Payroll services. Employing almost 170 people, they are regarded as the most experienced and knowledgeable provider of these services, with c.1,300 education sector customers. Their culture is unique and is based upon its motivated and passionate staff, and as a result, they ensure they put their people first and allow them to flourish and grow. Their performance in the market has been, and continues to be, exceptional, resulting in significant growth year after year. The Company's plan for the future is to continue this growth, increasing our geographical reach and consider expanding the services offered.As a Pensions Administrator your key responsibilities will include:   Process data and edit, revise and produce letters, tables and reports as requested.To provide outstanding support across the organisation assisting colleagues to deliver expert administration in a timely and effective manner whilst maintaining the highest levels of confidentiality and integrity.Responsible for completing pension administration for differing pension authorities to comply with monthly and annual reporting requirements; including notifications of new starters, contractual variations and leaver notifications.Support Payroll colleagues with basic administration for their portfolio of schools.Analyse monthly data reports and update teacher and support records.Scan and file appropriate correspondence as requested.Attend and participate in regular team meetings and training to keep up to date with current policies and procedures and other relevant guidance.As a successful Pensions Administrator, you will have the following skills and experience:  5 Grade 4 to 9 GCSE's including Maths and English or equivalentAbility to establish working relationships and credibilityAbility to prioritise and work well under pressureGood ICT skills including use of Microsoft office, particularly Microsoft Excel and WordAbility to communicate effectively both verbally and in writingAbility to use initiative and work independently where requiredDesirable:  Experience of working in a customer focused environmentPrevious administration experienceAbility to demonstrate sound proofreading and editing skills to create high quality documentationIf you wish to apply for this role, please click the button shown or contact Simon Hogg for more information. "	"Ermine Business Park, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"Office and Admin"	NA	"18k Annual 00 GBP"	"The Talent Group"	"The Talent Group"	"JS3561_36748334/592837776"	"11/12/2018 07:04:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmr0g"	NA
"Science Technician- High Wycombe"	"GBP"	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Science Technician- High Wycombe"	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are recruiting for a Secondary school in High Wycombe for a Science Technician role. The school provides quality education for children aged 11 - 16 years old, supporting progress and development towards GCSE examinations. The role will commence in January 2019 and will be offered as a supply contract, potentially transferring to a permanent position in due course.This is a supply contract in the first instance; however the school have confirmed that for the right candidate they will look to make your employment permanent. This position is term time only and will require you to work between 8.30am and 3.30pm. The science department is well resourced, has excellent stock levels and an organised and structured approach to delivering the necessary materials and equipment to the teachers so that they can effectively deliver their lessons. The teaching team you will be working with are dedicated and inclusive and will make you feel very welcome.As the Science Technician you will responsible for:Setting up practicalsOrdering stockCleaning and maintaining equipmentSupporting teachers with practicalsThere may also be the opportunity to mentor some of the pupils if you are interestedThis position would suit an unqualified teacher or a science graduate looking to pursue a teaching careerThe School would be happy to have applications from staff who have held a similar role in another school or laboratory/science/education setting. If you are a Science Technician or have experience in a similar role, please apply with your CV today.Teaching Personnel offers great pay, the chance to join a successful and well organised team, secure employment, an insight into how schools work - perfect if you are thinking of applying for a career in teaching.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & MA.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS5E58E04F/600698561"	"10/12/2018 15:44:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmjUW"	"Graduate"
"Lyft Driver (Be Your Own Boss) - Wales"	"GBP"	"Wales"	"Permanent"	"Lyft Driver (Be Your Own Boss) - Wales"	"Wales - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"What is Lyft? Lyft matches drivers with passengers who request rides through the Lyft smartphone app. Signing up to be a Lyft driver is the perfect opportunity for you to set your own schedule and be your own boss while earning extra money. Apply to drive today and start offsetting the costs of your car, covering this month's bills, or funding your dreams! Why Lyft? Keep All of Your Tips: Earn tips from your passengers and keep all of it -100% Make More Money: Prime Time pricing during peak hours means more $ for you Receive Payment Weekly: Money is deposited directly into your account weekly Friendly Community: Our community is full of awesome, respectful people How Lyft Driving Works Step 1: Open the app and turn on \"driver\" mode Step 2: Accept a passenger ride request Step 3: Pick up your passenger at their location Step 4: Drop off your passenger at their destination *Once the ride has completed, payment is processed automatically and you're ready for your next ride! Driver Requirements You're at least 21 years old You have a 4-door from 2004 or newer You own an iPhone or Android smartphone You have a clean driving record and auto insurance This opportunity is for an independent contractor. Driving with Lyft is perfect for a those looking for entry level work, contract work, part-time work, hourly work, seasonal work, temporary work,or for those looking for a flexible full time or part time opportunity. Be your own boss, hours are completely flexible - drive mornings, evenings, weekdays or weekends. Drive when you want, Drive more to earn more. Drive parttime or fulltime-it is your choice! You can also cash out instantly. No previous experience as a transportation driver, truck driver, taxi driver, shuttle driver, courier driver or delivery driver is necessary. We welcome those who have driven with other peer-to-peer ridesharing networks or on-demand jobs, gigs, opportunities such as Uber, Uber X, Uber Eats, Uber Pool, Uber XL, Uber Black, or other services like Amazon, Amazon Fresh, Amazon Flex, Caviar, Door Dash, Eat24, Favor, Google Express, GrubHub, Handy, Instacart, Luxe, Munchery, OrderAhead, Peach, Postmates, Seamless, Sprig, Shyp, Washio, Wingz, Gett, Juno, Flywheel, DoorDash, FedEx, UPS, or USPS. Our drivers come from all backgrounds, industries, job, gig, internship types ranging from driving to retail, customer service, creative industries and general labor. If you are an actor, actress, admin, agency, artist, assistant, barista, bartender, broker, bus driver, cab driver, cashier, chauffeur, cleaner, college student, customer service agent, chef, contract worker, cook, courier, designer, dishwasher, dog walker, driver, entrepreneurs, fitness trainer, food prep, food services, freelancer, handyman, hostess, insurance broker, instructor, intern, janitor, maid, maintenance, messenger, manager, management, musician, maid, office assistant, office administrator, photographer, private hire, professional driver, realtor, retail associate, sales associate, sales person, security, server, students, teacher, tutor, valet, veteran, waiter, waitress who is looking for a flexible part-time, Full time or summer gig, apply to drive with Lyft to supplement your income this summer! "	"Wales, UK"	"Logistics"	NA	"GBP"	"Lyft"	"Lyft"	"JS27CC658F0008F6486289D953C7F1C5646777D49DA7B6D0CFBE/601957607"	"10/12/2018 13:05:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmhj3"	"Graduate"
"Lyft Driver - Get Paid the Same Day with Express Pay"	"GBP"	"Wales"	"Permanent"	"Lyft Driver - Get Paid the Same Day with Express Pay"	"Wales - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"What is Lyft? Lyft matches drivers with passengers who request rides through the Lyft smartphone app. Signing up to be a Lyft driver is the perfect opportunity for you to set your own schedule and be your own boss while earning extra money. Apply to drive today and start offsetting the costs of your car, covering this month's bills, or funding your dreams! Why Lyft? Keep All of Your Tips: Earn tips from your passengers and keep all of it -100% Make More Money: Prime Time pricing during peak hours means more $ for you Receive Payment Weekly: Money is deposited directly into your account weekly Friendly Community: Our community is full of awesome, respectful people How Lyft Driving Works Step 1: Open the app and turn on \"driver\" mode Step 2: Accept a passenger ride request Step 3: Pick up your passenger at their location Step 4: Drop off your passenger at their destination *Once the ride has completed, payment is processed automatically and you're ready for your next ride! Driver Requirements You're at least 21 years old You have a 4-door from 2004 or newer You own an iPhone or Android smartphone You have a clean driving record and auto insurance This opportunity is for an independent contractor. Driving with Lyft is perfect for a those looking for entry level work, contract work, part-time work, hourly work, seasonal work, temporary work,or for those looking for a flexible full time or part time opportunity. Be your own boss, hours are completely flexible - drive mornings, evenings, weekdays or weekends. Drive when you want, Drive more to earn more. Drive parttime or fulltime-it is your choice! You can also cash out instantly. No previous experience as a transportation driver, truck driver, taxi driver, shuttle driver, courier driver or delivery driver is necessary. We welcome those who have driven with other peer-to-peer ridesharing networks or on-demand jobs, gigs, opportunities such as Uber, Uber X, Uber Eats, Uber Pool, Uber XL, Uber Black, or other services like Amazon, Amazon Fresh, Amazon Flex, Caviar, Door Dash, Eat24, Favor, Google Express, GrubHub, Handy, Instacart, Luxe, Munchery, OrderAhead, Peach, Postmates, Seamless, Sprig, Shyp, Washio, Wingz, Gett, Juno, Flywheel, DoorDash, FedEx, UPS, or USPS. Our drivers come from all backgrounds, industries, job, gig, internship types ranging from driving to retail, customer service, creative industries and general labor. If you are an actor, actress, admin, agency, artist, assistant, barista, bartender, broker, bus driver, cab driver, cashier, chauffeur, cleaner, college student, customer service agent, chef, contract worker, cook, courier, designer, dishwasher, dog walker, driver, entrepreneurs, fitness trainer, food prep, food services, freelancer, handyman, hostess, insurance broker, instructor, intern, janitor, maid, maintenance, messenger, manager, management, musician, maid, office assistant, office administrator, photographer, private hire, professional driver, realtor, retail associate, sales associate, sales person, security, server, students, teacher, tutor, valet, veteran, waiter, waitress who is looking for a flexible part-time, Full time or summer gig, apply to drive with Lyft to supplement your income this summer! "	"Wales, UK"	"Logistics"	NA	"GBP"	"Lyft"	"Lyft"	"JS70FC34503FA578E45F4511066DC21EDEBE733AC48CDF937504/601940482"	"10/12/2018 13:02:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gmhic"	"Graduate"
"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology The role Based in one of the UK's leading centres for the study of history, you will make an important contribution to the development of a dynamic research culture, building on the expertise of a strong cluster of historians with interests in the history of science and/or technology.Making use of your own outstanding knowledge and the University and region's important resources in the field, you will carry out and publish excellent and original research.Passionate about the history of science and/or technology, you will help to develop and extend our suite of undergraduate and postgraduate modules, and share your enthusiasm through exceptional teaching.At Durham, you will benefit from a strong commitment to intra- and inter-disciplinary research, and from the resources of a host of specialist Research Institutes and Centres.You will also enjoy the advantages of a mentoring scheme to develop you as a historian, teacher and leader in the discipline and beyond.You will need A good first-degree, complemented by a PhD in the history of science and/or technology or a related subject (either completed, or currently in progress).The ability to produce world-class research, including a research plan which supports the activities of the department.The confidence to supervise PhD students.To be willing to develop successful research project proposals, with the scope to secure funding or generate income.Experience of delivering high-quality teaching across lectures and in smaller study groups, with the ability attain fellowship of the HEA.Confident leadership and communication skills, with the willingness to work collaboratively as part of a team. "	"United Kingdom"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Durham University"	"Durham University"	"JSC5715DF9CFF1/601652453"	"10/12/2018 09:05:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgRd"	"Graduate"
"Course Tutor, MA Culture, Criticism and Curation"	"38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"St. Martins, Shropshire"	"Permanent"	"Course Tutor, MA Culture, Criticism and Curation"	"St. Martins, Shropshire - 38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a researcher-teacher-practitioner to join the course team of MA Culture, Criticism and Curation. Founded in 2012, MA CCC works intensively with students to develop creative and critical curatorial practices through research, collaboration and innovative forms of exhibition-making. We position curating as a means of developing agency as well as knowledge and skills, for individuals and communities to be able to make genuine contributions to the world, intellectually, socially and economically. As Course Tutor you will contribute to the delivery of academic standards. You will help maintain stimulating and nurturing learning and research environments for students and colleagues alike. You will actively link cultures and methods of research to practice, and practice to research. You will help build the international reputation of the course and enhance professional, academic and research partnerships. In this 1-yr fixed term role, the post-holder will contribute to a strategic priority to develop the course's curriculum in terms of diversity, internationalism and digital technology. Why choose us? University of the Arts London is a vibrant world centre for innovation, drawing together six Colleges with international reputations in art, design, fashion, communication and performing arts. The reputation of Central Saint Martins stems from the creative energy of its staff and students and the stellar achievements of its graduates nationally and internationally. Students and staff are continually alert to fresh challenge; they are curious and restless in developing beyond the expected norms of their subject and discipline.  Your profile Candidates should have a strong record of teaching, research and professional practice in their subject specialism. A postgraduate qualification in curating, history of art and design and/or cultural studies and analysis is essential (PhD desirable). You will have experience as a curator or project manager in the public and/or private sectors; of curriculum development; and you may be an inspired and innovative teacher. In return, University of the Arts London offers generous leave, an attractive pension and a commitment to your continuing personal development and training in an environment that encourages excellence, creativity and diversity. Relocation assistance is available. For further details and to apply please click the \"Visit Website\" button. Closing date: 6 January 2019. At UAL, everyone's identity matters. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive environment for all our diverse students, staff, and the creative and cultural sector partners with whom we engage. We aim to take every opportunity to progress equality and diversity, and celebrate the enrichment this brings to our community. Candidates are advised to submit applications early to avoid disappointment as we reserve the right to close vacancies prior to the advertised closing date. "	"St. Martins, Shropshire, UK"	"Media"	NA	"38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"JS3573_6811688/576324125"	"10/12/2018 09:02:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgPa"	"Graduate"
"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"Assistant Professor in the History of Science and/or Technology The role Based in one of the UK's leading centres for the study of history, you will make an important contribution to the development of a dynamic research culture, building on the expertise of a strong cluster of historians with interests in the history of science and/or technology. Making use of your own outstanding knowledge and the University and region's important resources in the field, you will carry out and publish excellent and original research. Passionate about the history of science and/or technology, you will help to develop and extend our suite of undergraduate and postgraduate modules, and share your enthusiasm through exceptional teaching. At Durham, you will benefit from a strong commitment to intra- and inter-disciplinary research, and from the resources of a host of specialist Research Institutes and Centres. You will also enjoy the advantages of a mentoring scheme to develop you as a historian, teacher and leader in the discipline and beyond.You will needA good first-degree, complemented by a PhD in the history of science and/or technology or a related subject (either completed, or currently in progress). The ability to produce world-class research, including a research plan which supports the activities of the department. The confidence to supervise PhD students. To be willing to develop successful research project proposals, with the scope to secure funding or generate income. Experience of delivering high-quality teaching across lectures and in smaller study groups, with the ability attain fellowship of the HEA. Confident leadership and communication skills, with the willingness to work collaboratively as part of a team. Vacancy Reference: HIST19-55Download the full job description as a PDF ."	"United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Durham University"	"Durham University"	"JSHIST19-55/601391368"	"10/12/2018 07:08:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIX"	"Graduate"
"Lecturer Diploma in Professional Studies"	"21985.00 - 26376.00 Annual (pro rata 36,642 - 43,961) GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer Diploma in Professional Studies"	"London - 21985.00 - 26376.00 Annual (pro rata 36,642 - 43,961) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	"This is a key role in the Design School/College and this post is seen as a key driver for the development of the course. The Diploma in Professional Studies (DPS) course is an optional year out in industry between the second and fourth year of an undergraduate course. The DPS offers students the opportunity to undertake up to three placements, secondments or freelance projects, within the year, from an extensive and worldwide list of internationally renowned design studios, advertising agencies, architectural practices, film production houses, publishing houses, media centres etc. Not only do students gain professional industry experience within the international design community but they also involve themselves with international charitable organisations working on and initiating a variety of activities. You will coordinate and deliver on Professional Practices unit for the students across the courses and develop new and relevant professional relationships with industry which will benefit student learning. Supporting the course leader in delivering the content of the course as required, you will develop and deliver disciplined, innovative and engaging lectures and seminars, contributing significantly to course development and assessment,and providing academic and pastoral support as necessary, monitoring student progress and maintaining appropriate records. Significant understanding of industrial contexts and placement experience is essential to this role. Why choose us?  London College of Communication is a pioneering world leader in creative communications education. With the communications sector constantly evolving at a rapid speed, we work at the cutting edge of new thinking and developments to prepare our students for successful careers in the creative industries of the future. Our course provision reflects the breadth of expertise housed within the most diverse creative agency including: journalism, advertising, PR and publishing; photography; film, television and sound; communications and media; graphic communication; spatial communication; design cultures; and interactive and visual communication. Your profile  We're looking for a candidate with relevant undergraduate teaching experience, a relevant qualification at undergraduate and postgraduate level associated with communication design or a closely related discipline or equivalent experience. The successful candidate should possess good interpersonal skills and the ability to work within a team as well as coordinate across different stakeholders, be a cross-disciplinary thinker as well as be an innovative teacher. They should also demonstrate digital literacy, in particular with expertise in areas of digital design, UX, AI, Interaction and Data visualisation and Information environments. Candidates should demonstrate subject knowledge as well as skills relevant to subject development within an academic, research and professional context. Candidates should also demonstrate a significant awareness and be able to access a network of industry contacts to support students experience while on their year out. For further details and to apply please click the \"Visit Website\" button. Closing date for applications is 10 January 2019. At UAL, everyone's identity matters. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive environment for all our diverse students, staff, and the creative and cultural sector partners with whom we engage. We aim to take every opportunity to progress equality and diversity, and celebrate the enrichment this brings to our community. Candidates are advised to submit applications early to avoid disappointment as we reserve the right to close vacancies prior to the advertised closing date. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"21985.00 - 26376.00 Annual (pro rata 36,642 - 43,961) GBP"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"JS3573_6825218/601217239"	"10/12/2018 07:07:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIU"	"Graduate"
"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"City, Birmingham - 28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 10 December 2018"	""	" Do you like working in a challenging, but rewarding environment where each day is different and time flies?Would you like to make a difference in the future of a vulnerable adult?Have you ever thought of a career in prison education? HMP Birmingham's education department is looking for an experienced Functional Skills Maths and English Programme/Curriculum Manager to join their Milton Keynes College Offender Learning team to enhance the delivery of our Functional Skills Maths and English courses. As Functional Skills Maths and English Programme Manager you will be dedicated to delivering learning success, through effective leadership within our Maths and English programme. The vacancy would suit a highly motivated Programme/Curriculum Manager that specialises in Functional Skills Maths and English and has a positive can-do approach to education and the success of their students. The ideal candidate will have experience and success in their knowledge of Maths and English and experience managing a team.Main responsibilities for this role: Support teachers to action poor attendance and liaise with the Deputy Manager Data to report on poor attendance. Be aware of courses starting and ending each week and ensure that enrolments and completions are actioned and submitted in a timely manner. Ensure that Exams are scheduled and that resits are planned promptly as and when appropriate. Ensure all schemes of work are in place and match qualification criteria and support staff in the implementation and delivery of the scheme of work. Track teaching hours of all members of staff ensure they are not under or over delivering Ensure all display is relevant, personalised to learners, in date and in line with policy Update the staff board as necessary with daily reminders/regime/issues Track all DD time and ensure that it is used effectively Review the learning environment to ensure that it is clean tidy and free from risk Update the weekly predicted success spreadsheet for the English, maths & ESOL outcomes Regularly feedback to staff to ensure that everyone understands the direction of the department, what the next steps are, and how to improve. Accurately communicate any changes. To meet regularly with the English, maths and ESOL team and hold effective strand meetings.  Programme Manager - Functional Skills Maths and EnglishLocation: HMP Birmingham, B18 4ASHours: 37 hours per week, 52 weeks per yearSalary: £28,940 - £34,327 per annumClosing date: 17th December 2018Interview Date: 19th December 2018£2,000 Uplift available and reduction in normal timetabled teaching hours availableMilton Keynes College Rewards: 35 days annual leave, 3 additional days leave for Christmas to New Year closure and UK Bank Holidays Amazing discounts with NUS card or Blue Light Card, ranging from Eating Out, Shopping and Fashion, Health and Fitness, Music, Technology, Travel and Entertainment Access to an employee wellbeing platform with options to book free activities such as yoga, relaxation, boot camp, personal training and a health and wellbeing news hub Access to Teachers Pension Scheme with generous employer contributions Tax free childcare scheme Access to Continued Professional Development, including professional qualifications and a variety of training courses Save up to 32% off all bikes through our Cycle To Work Scheme 24 hours per day, 365 days per year Employee Assistant Support Programme Plus many more   About HMP Birmingham: Milton Keynes College operates on three sites within HMP Birmingham, East Education, West Education, and Vocational Training workshops, offering education to both mainstream and vulnerable prisoners.  The education department is made up of a 7 person management team, overseeing 4 strand areas, Functional Skills, Vocational Training, Personal and Social Development and Outreach. We offer Functional Skills in both Maths and English, ESOL, IT, Business, Hospitality, Barbering, Sports and Fitness, Employability Skills, Kick Start in Business, Art, Hospitality, Mentoring, Interpersonal Skills, Equality and Diversity, Electrical, Bench Joinery, Plastering, Car Valeting, Waste Management and Industrial Cleaning. We offer courses from Pre Entry right through to Level 2. Education Programmes are developed in partnership with the prison to offer a responsive and relevant curriculum, which includes work experience and work opportunities within the Establishment.  Our vision here at HMP Birmingham is to offer an outstanding education to enable effective and purposeful resettlement for all learners on release.\" \"Using Time, not Doing Time.\"  We want to make a difference to disadvantaged learners, to show that everyone has the potential to achieve and everyone deserves another chance, and the right support at the right time can be the difference in breaking the reoffending cycle.As a successful candidate you will: Have a minimum of level 2 in English & maths with a level 3 in the area of subject specialism. Be a qualified teacher with experience of delivery in the curriculum area. Possess a proven experience of managing a curriculum area. Have the ability to problem solve and find solutions that meet the need of the team and ensure customer satisfaction. Have commercial awareness to protect income streams and identify new opportunities. Possess the ability to analyse data and draw conclusions from information to inform interventions. Possess the ability to produce high-quality reports to senior managers. Have a high level of teaching expertise to ensure support provided to staff is relevant and effective. Have a can-do attitude and a willingness to work collaboratively to support improvement. Have experience of working with Ofsted and improving outcomes of English, maths & ESOL provision (Desirable) Have a good working knowledge of the main Microsoft applications including Excel. Possess experience of working with Awarding Organisations and knowledge of the regulations around examinations and assessment. (Desirable) Understanding the necessary employability skills required in the current UK economy. Evidence of providing high-quality effective programmes leading to outstanding success. Experience in data analysis. Experience in identifying, developing and sharing resources focused on teaching and learning. Experience in working with students who may have little experience of education and training (desirable). The requirement of this role is to work across the whole prison estate, on all wings where education is delivered.  More about the College: Milton Keynes College is proud to be an open and inclusive general Further Education College welcoming learners of all levels and delivering an exceptional educational experience. The College offers a broad range of qualifications with more than 3, - 18-year-old Full time students studying traditional A Levels, vocational courses, apprenticeships and Higher Education. In addition, the College delivers employability and key skills training programmes to 3,000 people in local community learning centres and is one of the largest providers of Offender Learning in England, working with 27 prisons across the East Midlands, South Central and West Midlands. Milton Keynes College is a committed safer recruitment employer. We take extreme care in ensuring the safety and welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. All positions, therefore, undergo a stringent vetting process to include DBS for all positions. "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"milton keynes college"	"milton keynes college"	"JS4513_68084/582523634"	"10/12/2018 07:07:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmgIR"	NA
"Music Tutor Fellow"	"18800.00 Annual"	"United Kingdom"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Music Tutor Fellow"	"United Kingdom - 18800.00 Annual"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Job Description: Music Tutor Fellow Start date: January, April or September 2019 Contract: Fixed term till end of August 2020 Salary: circa £18,800 per annum Hours: circa 8.00am to 5.30pm during school term time (with a lunch break) The role To provide inspirational music tuition and role modelling to the pupils who need it most at King Solomon Academy Key responsibilities To tutor individuals and groups of pupils as part of the string programme To support individuals and groups within classroom music lessons To mentor and coach pupils in the development of their self-confidence and aspirations for their future, in particular, their aspiration to go to, and excel at University To support pupils with Special Educational needs in or out of classes Helping to maintain/establish discipline across the whole academy. Outcomes and activities String lessons Deliver small group string lessons as part of the music team to all year groups, from age 7 to age 18, including GCSE instrumental lessons where appropriate Support (and where appropriate lead) ensemble class string lessons Support (and where appropriate lead) orchestra rehearsals Plan and deliver intervention during and beyond string sessions Observe, record and feedback information of pupil performance. Music lessons Assist with whole class teaching where appropriate, and support targeted pupils Provide administrative support to academy staff by ensuring teaching resources are prepared to an excellent standard and on time for classroom use. Coaching Coach pupils to promote better decision making, motivation and improved achievement inside and outside of music. Other  Supervise pupils in playgrounds, lunchrooms, etc. Maintain pupil and family confidentiality. Attend regular meetings and training, as required. Undertake other various responsibilities as directed by the Principal. Person specification: Music Tutor Fellow Qualification Criteria  Right to work in UK Qualified to degree level Grade 8 standard or equivalent on a string instrument Confidence in playing and teaching of either the Cello, Violin or Viola is desirable Experience Experience of working with young people or adults in a paid or voluntary capacity Experience of tutoring string instruments and leading ensemble work Behaviours Personal characteristics A desire to be a qualified teacher in the future Genuine passion and a belief in the potential of every pupil Helpful, positive, calm and caring nature Able to establish good working relationships with staff and pupils Able to follow instructions accurately but make good judgments and lead when required Motivation to continually improve standards and achieve excellence Specific skills Good communication skills, including written and oral Excellent numeracy and literacy skills Competent with computers and other technology Good administrative and organisational skills Able to understand and implement particular strategies and methods to help pupils to improve their learning and enjoyment of learning Able to deal with minor incidents, first aid, and the personal health and hygiene of the pupils Understands the importance of confidentiality and discretion Other desirable training and skills An interest in sport and the ability to lead sport sessions First Aid training Other  Commitment to the safeguarding and welfare of all pupils This post is subject to an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Services check "	"United Kingdom"	"Media, Education"	NA	"18800.00 Annual"	"KING SOLOMON ACADEMY"	"KING SOLOMON ACADEMY"	"JS3573_6824671/601651251"	"09/12/2018 17:10:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmW6g"	NA
"Training Consultant/Lecturer in Bricklaying"	"For salary information, please contact a member of the Human Resources GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Online English Tutor"	"9.00 Hourly + paid Holidays GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Online English Tutor"	"United Kingdom - 9.00 Hourly + paid Holidays GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 9 December 2018"	""	"Are you interested in earning money by working just a few hours from your computer? We are hiring university students or graduates to lead online English conversations. All you need is a webcam and a headset with microphone. Our company EDUCASTREAM is a young and innovative French company, leader in the online language learning industry, whose services are already selected by the French Department of Education as well as numerous families and firms. Our method We offer a unique educational service through our leading videoconferencing system which allows oral, visual and written exchange between pupil and professor via Internet. The efficiency of this process is strengthened by the sharing of specific support fitted to this modern way of communication. Lessons are pre-planned by the company and written by a team of language experts. Our clients- Companies wishing their employees to improve for business purposes- Individuals (from 7 years old on) willing to improve their level for various purposes- Schools taking lessons collectively as part of the National Curriculum Your BenefitsBecoming a teacher for EDUCASTREAM is a great opportunity to develop your experience and skills through interactive conversations: get rewarded by your pupils' progress, learn through their experience and share your knowledge, without moving from your desk. "	"United Kingdom"	"Customer Services"	NA	"9.00 Hourly + paid Holidays GBP"	"EDUCASTREAM"	"EDUCASTREAM"	"JS2746673/600422539"	"09/12/2018 09:18:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmRcA"	"Graduate"
"Basingstoke LSA"	"GBP"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Basingstoke LSA"	"Basingstoke, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Learning Support Assistant required in Basingstoke, North HampshireTeaching Personnel are currently recruiting a Learning Support Assistant on behalf of a Behaviour Management provision based in North Hampshire. This special needs school has been set up to provide a unique and specialist educational resource for students who do not have access or engage with mainstream education as a result of their complex Social, Emotional and Mental Health needs (SEMH).This wonderful school aims to:Provide a quality care and education facility and give young people who have had many setbacks, a fresh start in life.Encourage a 'can do' culture at the school and by recognising student's individual needs they are able to work with their particular strengths and help them achieve to their full potential.Use a Positive School Rewards System to encourage and motivate students to succeed academically and to manage their behaviour appropriately.Offer a range of qualifications and awards across the curriculum including: GCSEs, Entry Level Certificates, ASDAN COPE, The Duke of Edinburgh Awards, Functional Skills Certificates and the AQA unit awards.Build confidence and self-esteem through the use of praise and encouragement.Your role will include:Supporting the teacher with a class of 4 - 8 pupilsSupporting pupils with behavioural difficultiesWorking weekdays, with flexibility of part and full time roles (5 days per week is preferred)Working within the class as well as on a 1:1/2:1 basis, delivering work planned by the class teacherFor the right candidate, this role will start out as temporary, however there is the potential for permanent employment. Because of the nature of this role, it is essential you have experience supporting pupils with special needs or challenging behaviour.If you think you would be suited to this role, please contact Teaching Personnel on the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS8165BBBD/599779291"	"08/12/2018 09:06:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDag"	"Graduate"
"Teaching Assistants needed for daily supply work - Newham"	"62.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Teaching Assistants needed for daily supply work - Newham"	"London - 62.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 8 December 2018"	""	"Nursery Nurse - General TA - Teaching Assistant - Learning Support Assistant Engage Education are currently searching for enthusiastic, engaging, fabulous Teaching Assistants who are looking for daily supply work in the London Borough of Newham. We are looking for those with experience ranging from nursery to year 6. Those with intervention or SEN experience are also urged to apply. Although we are looking for people for daily supply cover, this could lead to a longer term or permanent positions within our schools. To be considered for the position you must: Be able to work from 8:15 to 3:30pmHave a relevant Teaching Assistant qualificationHave strong behaviour managementHave a child's only DBS registered on the online update serviceEngage Education are a widely recognised, award winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"62.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36565442/599801056"	"08/12/2018 09:03:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GmDYJ"	NA
"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teaching Personnel are currently working with a great deal of schools across Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow! Due to the nature of the schools and their requirements they are seeking teachers to work on a supply basis. This can range from Day to Day bookings in various schools throughout the week in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow or more on going positions for either part/full time. We aim to keep teachers within a close radius of their preferred area to ensure you would be working in local schools and decrease travel time. If you're looking at reducing your workload with an opportunity to view a wide range of new schools this could be the perfect opportunity for you. QTS ISN'T a must along with experience of teaching within the primary age ranges alongside a strong understanding of the UK curriculum. We are looking to recruit teachers from across the subject board for Secondary schools in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow. Teaching Personnel can offer you: Fantastic Rates of Pay (£120 - £150 day to day and higher for other bookings!)Advance notice of work (if doing daily supply)Working with the leading consultants in the industry who have expertise in Education.Professional Development workshops with ex Headteachers.Honest, experienced, reliable service from the UK's Education Agency. If you are keen to find out more about this position, please email a copy of your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel on for a quick turnaround and secure work!All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36558366/599209525"	"07/12/2018 09:03:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jo"	NA
"Social Action Project Co-ordinator"	"GBP"	"Liverpool"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Social Action Project Co-ordinator"	"Liverpool - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"The Liverpool Football Club Foundation is the official charity of Liverpool Football Club. We raise funds, develop partnerships and deliver high impact programmes that engage young people through their passion for Liverpool Football Club and football, helping them to improve their health, skills and life chances.We are proud of our work to date, engaging thousands of children and young people each year, however we have ambitious plans for the future - our vision is to be the leading football foundation that transforms young people's lives.THE ROLE:As Social Action Project Co-ordinator will support the delivery of the LFC Foundation's exciting new £1m #iwill social action programme in primary and secondary schools in the Liverpool area. The successful candidate will develop pupils' life skills and empower them to make a difference in their local community through social action. Key responsibilities will also include: Deliver 'train the trainer' courses to teachers to enable them to support more pupils to take part in social action Ensure the safeguarding of pupils at all times Deliver high quality engaging personal development sessions to pupils aged 10 -14 years old Facilitate social action activities with pupils, including ensuring all necessary procedures including risk assessments have been completed Develop high quality curriculum materials for pupils and teachers Build lasting relationships with teachers and the local community Coordinate a youth panel Coordinate a teacher champions network Create pathways for young people to transition into other programmes such as NCS Capture data in line with the project's KPIs and outcomes Record data on LFC Foundation's database Provide content for LFC Foundation social media Support other Foundation programmes and activities as requiredTHE PERSON: The successful candidate will have the following experience, skills and attributes: Experience of working with young people in a school environment Experience of empowering young people to make a difference Unquestionable passion for young people  A passionate and empathetic approach to their work Experience of stakeholder management and working in collaboration A self-starter who enjoys working as part of a team  Sound understanding of the challenges faced by schools and/or their students Experience of developing curriculum materialsThis position is offered on a 3 year fixed term contract subject to funding and involves working 35 hours per week, 5 from 7 days with some weekend work required. The role is based at Anfield Sports Community Centre, Liverpool however the post holder will also be required to work from other locations across Merseyside. The three year project is joint funded by the Big Lottery and the LFC Foundation. "	"Liverpool, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"The LFC Foundation"	"The LFC Foundation"	"JS608852/598345378"	"06/12/2018 07:08:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvKv"	NA
"SEND Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream School"	"65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"SEND Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream School"	"Slough, Berkshire - 65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"SEND Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream School The Special Needs Department at Engage are currently recruiting an LSA to join a school in Slough with a SEND provision catering for SEN students. The role is due to start immediately on a full time, basis and the successful candidate will work within the mainstream classes and the specialist provision. This particular position will incorporate the following: Supporting students with mixed abilities and special needs (1:1 & small groups)Supporting students with challenging behaviourSupporting students with Autism, ADHD, Dyslexia, Specific Learning DifficultiesWe are looking an ambitious, forward thinking LSA who enjoys the challenges and triumphs of working with students with SEND. Engage Education are a widely recognised, award winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36531676/597179998"	"06/12/2018 07:03:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvFX"	NA
"SEN teaching assistant - experience required"	"55.00 - 65.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Curriculum Leader - Digital Futures, Interactive Media and Computer Ga"	"31945.00 - 37225.00 Weekly e annum GBP"	"Hereford, Herefordshire"	"Permanent"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Science Technician - Secondary mainstream - Bromley"	""	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA	NA
"Science Technician - Secondary mainstream - Bromley"	""	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Science Technician - Secondary mainstream - Bromley"	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Ofsted rated Good school with outstanding behaviour Secondary School located in the borough of Bromley, is currently recruiting for a full time Science Technician. This is a full time & permanent post to commence immediately.Located within leafy Bromley, this exceptional & successful school essentially pride themselves on their academically driven, ambitious and articulate students. Students essentially know what is to be expected of them and want to learn and very passionate about their education. They have an open door policy at his school where all classrooms doors are open and you can hear a 'pin drop', so very well behaved students. Inspiring Head with a excellent successful record and great vision for the school. Additionally outstanding & solid Senior Leadership Team (SLT) with exemplary service and experience. This Bromley Secondary School teach through the Key Stages up to their exceptionally run sixth form. Teaching at this school is a minimum of a Good with outstanding features & all new teaching staff must be able to maintain this.As such they are looking for a mainstream secondary school experience. The successful science technician/Lab technician will have a minimum of 6 months experience in either a secondary school or Secondary Teacher. Due to the type of school with academically driven students, the successful science technician/lab technician must have a strong STEM background and experience with all the sciences. As such they require someone who will compliment the department well in this lab technician/Science Technician post. UK Science DegreeMinimum of 6 months UK Secondary School Experience Must have experience in either a UK Secondary school or Secondary School as a Science TechnicianMust be able to offer all sciences at GCSE and A LevelSetting up equipment and resources for practical lessonsStrong STEM background and subject knowledge as a science technicianCleaning up the lab after experimentsAvailable part time for this lab technician postDedicated and consistent secondary science technician who is proactive and hard working"	"Bromley, Kent, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	NA	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSB2365E38/581960939"	"05/12/2018 14:19:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln4p"	NA
