"jobResultsTitle"	"jobResultsSalary"	"jobResultsLoc"	"jobResultsType"	"jobpositionlink"	"location_salary"	"job_type"	"posted_date"	"last_view"	"skills"	"location"	"industry"	"start_date"	"rate"	"recruiter"	"contact"	"ref"	"posted_date"	"permalink"	"category"
"Recruitment Consultant - 3rd Sunday Times Best Company!"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - 3rd Sunday Times Best Company!"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"A background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere so we don't look for keywords on a CV. You're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter, so let's jump straight into what's in it for you:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips!Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.Quarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings - To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket that your teacher said you'd never have, that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000!A clear progression structure.All National public holidays off.So what's the role of a Recruitment Consultant all about?Although no two days are regularly the same, a typical day will see you building up your network, winning and developing business over the phone and face to face, owning your own desk and building your recruitment empire.You'll be regularly sourcing the best talent around to showcase to your clients. You'll do this through proactive, creative and innovative methods. We're looking for out of the box thinkers! There's always heavy competition when it comes to great talent!Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working. You won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business.You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.We started life in a garage. Our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey back in 2007 armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years, we now have 6 office across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to get stuck into the role of a Recruitment Consultant, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-RECCON"	"03/12/2018 08:51:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLfT"	NA
"Trainee Recruitment Consultant - Tech Division"	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Recruitment Consultant - Tech Division"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT, TECH DIVISIONAUSTIN FRASER, READINGA background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere so we don't look for keywords on a CV. You're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Specialist Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter, so let's jump straight into what's in it for you:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips!Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.Quarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings - To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket that your teacher said you'd never have, that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000!A clear progression structure.All National public holidays off.So what's the role of a Recruitment Consultant all about?Although no two days are regularly the same, a typical day will see you building up your network, winning and developing business over the phone and face to face, owning your own desk and building your recruitment empire.You'll be regularly sourcing the best talent around to showcase to your clients. You'll do this through proactive, creative and innovative methods. We're looking for out of the box thinkers! There's always heavy competition when it comes to great talent!Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working. You won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business.You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.We started life in a garage. Our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey back in 2007 armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years, we now have 6 office across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to get stuck into the role of a Recruitment Consultant, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	NA	"£25k - £45k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-SPECIALISTTECH"	"03/12/2018 08:50:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlLel"	NA
"Senior Developer"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Senior Developer"	"Reading, Berkshire - £45k - £55k per annum"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Are you an accomplished developer with a wide breadth of technical know-how? Are you ready to take on the challenge of running a small team? Do you enjoy debate and (friendly) argument as a way to test your knowledge and assumptions? You write code, and you thrive on the challenge of making that code artistic in its simplicity. C# is your language of choice, but you take pride in being able to answer \"probably, yeah\" when someone asks \"I've got this bit of code that doesn't work, can you fix it?\" without having to ask what it's written in. You like neat, orderly separations between layers of code, enjoy the speed boots fluent mappings and ORMs provide but are worldly enough to know they've got their downsides too, and you like the idea of cloud and micro-services but have been around the block enough to know where the traps are. You revel in the freedom to suggest and implement new technologies - but you don't have problems supporting existing code and get your hands dirty with the odd bit of Legacy product. You like the idea of leading a team of developers, but prefer to spend your day in Visual Studio than in Outlook and Excel, and as much as you relish the opportunity to share your knowledge you don't want to be a teacher. You'll lead a small team of developers and QA engineers as a sub-team working on our SaaS product. You'll take part in sprints alongside other teams - spread across the UK, Ireland and Adelaide - and represent your team's work in scrums and scrum-of-scrums with the other TAs. What does the ideal candidate look like? - Excellent Technical skills, with the \"depth\" bit in C#, MVC and enterprise applications and breadth in just about anything tech - Excellent JavaScript skills, including exposure to Bootstrap, knockout, knockback, angular, node or similar and a good understanding of the underlying processes involved in ajax - Excellent SQL skills, including familiarity with query execution plans, optimisations and index maintenance, memory pinned tables and analysis services, reporting services and big-data techniques - A firm belief that code that doesn't have unit tests and automated test suites isn't worth having - Experience on Azure, AWS or similar, including IaaS and PaaS What's in it for you? As well as a competitive salary, pension contributions and holiday allowances, you'll have the opportunity to directly influence both the technology and product roadmap of a growing, ambitious company with some amazing people in it. You'll work alongside experts in a number of fields, and they'll put you through training on the technical tools and platforms (including for Microsoft certifications) as well as in management and organisational effectiveness You'll engage directly with experts from Microsoft and the wider tech sphere, as well as with our customers, and you'll build your own profile and reputation rather than being an anonymous cubicle farm drone. ISL (Incite Solutions Ltd) is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"IT"	"07/01/2019"	"£45k - £55k per annum"	"ISL Recruitment"	"James Leech "	"JS-6041"	"07/12/2018 09:14:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2tM"	NA
"IT Trainer/Coach - Returners Programme"	""	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"IT Trainer/Coach - Returners Programme"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Returning to work after a break doesn't have to be daunting. At QA, we want you to have a fulfilling career that works for you and your family - and we'll support you as you relaunch your working life. We're seeking tech trainers and coaches who love helping others to learn and accomplish their goals. This role offers returning parents the opportunity to utilise your existing skills but apply them in a completely different way. It's the perfect career for parents returning to work, whether you're experienced in a similar role or looking to retrain for a new career in teaching/education.We're offering this role as part of our Return | (Re)Train initiative - an exciting new programme to support returners, upskill talent for the tech sector and make getting back to work an exciting experience.The roleOur programmes and courses train up talent to meet employers' tech and business skills needs and help learners take their own careers to the next level. At QA, we genuinely transform our learners' lives, and in this role you'll be part of that. Whether you're teaching an apprentice their first line of code or supporting a new manager as they tackle the challenges of dispute management, you will be their teacher.With our support, you'll deliver tech course content through a combination of face-to-face, E-learning and digital methods and coach learners to help them succeed - whether they're highly qualified professionals or beginners looking to join the field. You'll teach both scheduled/public and customised courses for relevant areas of QA's tech portfolio.This is an exciting, fulfilling role where you get to interact directly with learners to help them grow their skills and achieve their potential.How we'll support your return to work A supportive workplace that accommodates your family responsibilities  Flexible working contracts - we can even offer you school holidays off  Training courses to help you learn new coaching skills or provide a refresher in the field  An assigned co-pilot/\"buddy\" to get you up to speed with our processes and award-winning tech coursesWhat we offer Generous base salary (dependent on experience)  School holidays off (or ad hoc holiday bookings if that is better for you)  Unique return-to-work training programme (not mandatory but there for you should you want to use it)  Two days paid charity work for a charity of your choice  Three days of paid training from your choice of 1,200+ diverse QA courses  Subsidised gym membership and cycle to work scheme  Private pensionYou are  Passionate about helping, supporting and teaching others  Willing to learn  Confident at speaking to groups of people (perhaps in customer-facing roles) with strong presentation, interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to share your expertise/experience with others  Eligible to live and work in the UK  Able to plan and deliver against set learning and achievement targetsWho are we? QA is one of the largest learning services organisations in the UK. We help develop skills and capabilities for everyone, from apprentices to business leaders. Headquartered in London with 20 more training centres nationwide, QA Group comprises four fast-growing divisions-QA Learning, QA Apprenticeships, QA Consulting and QA Higher Education-all of which deliver innovative, award-winning (2016 Top 20 IT Training Companies List) and ever-evolving skills solutions.We'd love to support your return to work-apply today and let's get started on your newest career chapter! "	"United Kingdom"	"IT, Education"	"ASAP"	NA	"QA"	"QA"	"JS2607359/599336859"	"06/12/2018 11:26:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlxOH"	NA
"Trainee Recruitment Consultant"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Reading, Berkshire"	"Permanent"	"Trainee Recruitment Consultant"	"Reading, Berkshire - £25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT£25,000 - £40,000Austin Fraser, ReadingHere at Austin Fraser, we do recruitment a little differently.Unlike most other agencies, you'll become a specialist. This means you'll cover a very niche market that nobody else within AF will be working, you won't need to tear someone down to get to the top.You'll first focus on building up a network of exceptional candidates, this will really be the foundation of your recruitment business.To achieve your specialist status you will undergo on-the-job training to ensure you're ready to take on the world of recruitment and really own your business. You'll also take part in our apprenticeship scheme, this involves a variety of different learning opportunities to support you in becoming the best recruitment consultant that you can be.A background in sales is certainly ideal for this one, but we appreciate that everybody needs to start somewhere.We don't look for keywords on a CV, you're a real person with a real personality and we want to get to know you!Becoming a Recruitment Consultant with Austin Fraser comes with a host of benefits to make life that little bit sweeter:Unrivalled in-house training programme.Uncapped Commission, meaning massive earning potential!Monthly Lunch Clubs.Holiday Incentives - Vegas, Barcelona and Barbados are just a few recent trips.Discount at selected retail stores.Lifestyle benefits including fitness classes, beauty treatments and free massages.A clear progression structureAll national public bank holidays offQuarterly 5% bonus on 60k+ billings. To save you digging out that calculator from your pocket, you know, the that your teacher said you'd never have... that's an annual bonus of at least £12,000, on top of your commission!Who are Austin Fraser?In short, we're an award-winning, international recruitment consultancy.We have specialist consultants that cover the Technology, Digital, Automation, Aviation and Life Science industries globally.Just like all the great companies, we started life in a garage. Back in 2007, our co-founders, Pete and Del, kicked off the AF journey armed with nothing but one big vision.Fast Forward 11 years and we now have 6 offices across Germany, America and the UK with a 7th due to launch in March 2019 - AF HamburgSo, if your looking to be apart of somewhere that does things a little differently, we want to hear from you!Alternatively, if you've come this far down the advert and think Recruitment isn't quite your cup of tea, that's fine, perhaps you have a friend who would be a great fit? Feel free to send them our way!Austin Fraser is committed to being an equal opportunities employer, and encourages applications from candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity status.Due to the volume of applications received, we are unable to provide individual feedback to unsuccessful applicants."	"Reading, Berkshire, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, HR"	"ASAP"	"£25k - £40k per annum + Benefits"	"Austin Fraser Ltd"	"Christopher Walls"	"JS-TRREC"	"06/12/2018 15:58:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glxz7"	NA
"Teacher of Computing"	""	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Computing"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Computing Salary - Main scale + £1600 Mossbourne Allowance Start date - January 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy Interview dates - TBC Mossbourne Community Academy is currently seeking an outstanding teacher of Computing. The successful applicant will be passionate about teaching Computer Science and about developing students as curious learners who will become fluent in the technical models and theories in computing. They will inspire students to appreciate the richness and diversity of the computing world by engaging with current trends. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successful Computer Science teaching across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Computing courses. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away. Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development NQT Training Programme Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. In order to apply for this position please follow the link to our website and complete an application form via the button below. NB: Applications may be considered whilst the post is being advertised. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline  \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6811436/578847656"	"02/12/2018 13:07:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEzy"	NA
"Teacher of Maths"	""	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths"	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Maths  Salary - Main scale plus £1,600 Mossbourne allowance Start date - January 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Permanent Location - Mossbourne Community Academy Interview dates - TBC  Mossbourne Community Academy is seeking to employ an outstanding teacher of maths to join from January 2019. The successful applicant will be ambitious, resilient and passionate about the teaching of maths and be willing to work as part of a team in raising the attainment in students' outcomes. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a high-performing and collaborative team. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successful Maths teaching across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Maths. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away. Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development  NQT Training Programme Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) If you are passionate about innovative education, have a commitment to personal excellence and are ready for a new challenge, we welcome your application. Please note that CV's or incomplete application forms will not be considered. All other applications will be considered, however, only those that are shortlisted will be contacted. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline.   \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6814241/583836402"	"02/12/2018 13:07:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEzv"	NA
"Teacher of Business"	""	"Hackney, London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Teacher of Business"	"Hackney, London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Business Salary - Main scale + £1600 Mossbourne Allowance Start date - January 2019 Work pattern - Full-time Contract - Fixed Term with the possibility of a permanent Interview dates - TBC Mossbourne Community Academy is currently seeking an outstanding teacher of Business. The successful applicant will be passionate about teaching Business. They will inspire students to appreciate the richness and diversity of the Business world by engaging with current trends. They will be well organised and willing to go the 'extra mile'. They will hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), have a proven track record of successfully teaching Business Studies across different key stages and believe that all students can succeed in Business courses. Working for a Mossbourne Federation Academy means being part of a community of exceptional practitioners. Colleagues are warm, welcoming and supportive; each morning you can expect a 'hello' from a friendly face. As one of the country's leading federations, expectations of staff are high. The Mossbourne Federation engages with, and supports its workforce, thus creating an inspirational working environment which nurtures the development of personal and professional excellence. Set within the metropolitan borough of Hackney, all Mossbourne Federation academies are in close proximity to London Overground stations, providing a no-fuss commute for colleagues living in other London boroughs. London's fashionable 'East and West Ends', are also only a short distance away.  Federation staff are rewarded through access to a comprehensive benefits package, including but not limited to; First Rate Professional Development NQT Training Programme  Season Ticket Loans MossBike Cycle to work scheme Coaching and Mentoring Employee Assistant Programme Corporate Gym Membership  Discounts at local restaurants Recruitment Applicant Awards The Mossbourne Allowance (conditions apply) NB: Applications may be considered whilst the post is being advertised. Mossbourne Federation reserves the right to close adverts earlier than the stated deadline  \"The Mossbourne Federation is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Applicants will be required to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.\"  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"Mossbourne Community Academy"	"JS3573_6811438/578847718"	"02/12/2018 13:06:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEys"	NA
"Teacher Support and One to One"	"GBP"	"Bournemouth, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Teacher Support and One to One"	"Bournemouth, Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher Assistant and One to OneTeaching Personnel are recruiting for Teaching Assistants to work in our client school.Due to the nature of the role, we are looking for TA's who are resilient, confident with behaviour management and have a good sense of humour.Full and Part Time hours available£60-£70 per day1-1 Teaching Assistant The school is a Pupil Referral Unit in Bournemouth, catering for Secondary aged pupils who have been excluded from mainstream education. This includes pupils who are temporarily excluded, permanently excluded and pupils with SEN (Autism, ADHD, SEMH). The pupils can display challenging behaviour.As a 1-1 Teaching Assistant you will be responsible for engaging the pupil in their education. Work will be set by the class teacher and you will support the pupil with their work. You will also be responsible for behaviour management. Some of our 1-1 Teaching Assistants are required to work off-site with the pupils. This would normally be at a library or learning zone and you would be required to transport the pupil.Experience working in a school isn't required, we would also welcome applications from candidates with backgrounds in Youth Work, Sports Coaching, Military, Custodial Service and Residential Care.We have full time, part time and ad-hoc hours available.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"Bournemouth, Dorset, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS271ACF60/599160409"	"07/12/2018 07:05:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2HV"	NA
"Teacher of Mathematics- 'Good' Secondary School'- Lewisham"	"135.00 - 175.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Mathematics- 'Good' Secondary School'- Lewisham"	"London - 135.00 - 175.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"* January 2019* * Experienced Teacher of Mathematics/Mathematics Teacher* *LB of Lewisham.* * Fixed Term and Full-Time.* * January 2019 to July 2019 (Two Terms)  * £135-£175 per day Thriving and growing Secondary School in Lewisham is looking for a Teacher of Mathematics/Mathematics Teacher to commence employment in January 2019. This diverse and educational school ensures that all pupils are treated equally and are given a great opportunity to achieve their grades and reach their full potential. Staff members in the school also prioritise equality and recognise diversity to ensure that all pupils are giving the chance to achieve their grades even if they are facing difficult environments outside of the learning establishment. The head teacher also inspires and continues to welcome and offer support for students in their educational establishment.  The role...  Teach KS3 to KS5 Mathematics to 11 to 18 year oldsPrepare revision sessions for KS4 and KS5 examinations Provide a variety of learning styles for children in the classroomEngage students in the lesson and build class rapport The ideal candidate will... Have experience teaching KS3 to KS5 mathematicsHold UK recognised Teaching Qualifications (PGCE, PGDE, GTP, SCITT with QTS)Have obtained a 'Good' to 'Outstanding' teaching recordBe able to prep GCSE and A-Level students for summer examinationsHave the ability to build rapport and engage with students and staff in the school.The Teacher of Mathematics/Mathematics Teacher position is for a January 2019 and fixed term and Full time position until July 2019 for a Secondary School in Lewisham. As this role is in high demand, the school are looking to interview ASAP! If this is a great opportunity for you, then please apply for this role immediately! All shortlisted candidates will be contacted within one to two working days.  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"135.00 - 175.00 Annual GBP"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36754798/596919042"	"06/12/2018 07:04:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGy"	NA
"Teacher"	"16 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher"	"Southwark, London - 16 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"JOB OVERVIEW - Teacher role  At The Complete Works Independent School, we are looking for passionate teachers to deliver creative lessons while successfully nurturing and inspiring our students. As part of our energetic and welcoming team, you will enthuse and motivate students to strive for success whilst following the schemes of work which will be provided.  WHY CHOOSE US: The Complete Works (TCW) is an alternative educational provision, which delivers a unique and innovative education to students. Our approach to learning allows students to feel empowered and appreciated. You do not require having a teaching qualification to teach at The Complete Works. We have students all over London eg Southwark, Lewisham, Tower Hamlets, Islington and Hackney.  The majority of our students have an individual teacher assigned to deliver their education Pathway, which is based off-site at their homes, libraries or other suitable settings. We also have TCW education centres where students can come and learn on-site together in small groups. Sometimes the circumstances can be challenging but often the results are very rewarding. WHAT WE OFFER: You will be on an induction rate for the first four weeks. After the four weeks, your rate will be reviewed and be increased Bank worker contract A school that is fully dedicated to developing every child to reach their full potential, irrespective of their ability Collaborative working within our shared family of schools to support our endeavours to work smarter and achieve an effective balance between home and work. A dedicated and friendly team of professionals who are keen to develop and learn. Development through mentorship and coaching Trainings  Facilities to resource your ability to teach your students  Tailor made individual learning plans for every student  JOB REQUIREMENTS: Some experience working with SEN or behavioural students Would like to make a difference Passionate about education Degree or equivalent  THE RIGHT CANDIDATE WILL HAVE: A detailed knowledge of the curriculum and its means of delivery High standards of communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to work as a team. The ability to work towards deadlines. The ability to motivate both students and your peers. Highly motivated and enthusiastic. Excellent attendance and punctuality. Experience innovating to deliver the curriculum "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"16 Hourly after completing induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6814764/583836162"	"02/12/2018 13:15:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE8J"	NA
"Teacher of Biology, Chemistry or Physics- Jan 2019- West London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Teacher of Biology, Chemistry or Physics- Jan 2019- West London"	"London - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job Description KS3-KS5 Teacher of Science/Science Teacher- West London A thriving and diligent Secondary School and Sixth form is looking for an 'Outstanding' Science Teacher/Teacher of Science to join their team to provide excellent education to KS3- KS5 students on a fixed term contract starting from January 2019 with the opportunity to be transferred to a permanent contract. * Have you got a PGCE with QTS or SCITT in Science? (NQTs welcomed)* Can you work on a fixed term contract?* Able to start from January 2019 but available to interview ASAP?If you have met all the requirements above, then we want to hear from you ASAP!Job Information* West London** Fixed-term and full-time*January 2019- July 2019.**KS3- KS5 Students*As a Science Teacher/Teacher of Science the role includes providing \"Good\" to \"Outstanding\" UK Science Curriculum lessons, preparing lesson plans for the week, prepping students for exams and ensuring that all children are receiving an exceptional level of education.Furthermore, the Teacher of Science/Science Teacher role at the school will include directing students accordingly whilst using different and effective learning styles in the classroom. An example is using visual, written and spoken elements in the lessons to engage all students in the classroom as each student may respond to different learning techniques. The Teacher of Science will also ensure that a good rapport is built within the classroom. School InformationThe Secondary school is located in West London and has accessible transport links including tube, national rail and bus services. The Science Department in the school utilise their great teaching resources to provide outstanding education for their students to achieve their highest potential grades.In addition, the school ensures that all students' abilities are catered to by employing extra support staff. Pupils are dedicated to applying to their sixth form and other further education opportunities, with many of the students wanting to study Science at A-Level. As a whole the staffing team work together to keep the school thriving and to help as many students move onto further education or apprenticeships.To apply for this role, you must have a PGCE with QTS or SCITT qualification in Science to be shortlisted for the position. Please only apply if you meet these requirements. Thank you.  "	"London, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSB53F7C40/596972441"	"04/12/2018 14:40:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlbgA"	NA
"Drama Teacher Required - Farnborough"	"110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Farnborough, Hampshire"	"Unspecified"	"Drama Teacher Required - Farnborough"	"Farnborough, Hampshire - 110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teacher of Drama Required We are looking for Drama teachers in Farnborough and the surrounding areas.Reed Education are on the framework for Local Council which ensures we have a high demand of work across the academic year, as well as dealing with Other local authority's, private Schools and academy's. Do you have great classroom management skills? Are you craving the opportunity to be flexible with your working hours? Wanting to try a few different schools before you commit to just one?Whether you're looking for your next permanent position or day to day supply, we would like to hear from you!We are always looking for talented Drama teachers to work across our schools in Farnborough and local attached areas. Whether you're an NQT or an experienced teacher, we are always happy to assist. Working on a temporary basis gives you the freedom to try many different schools, it also allows you to get a better work life balance. Now is a great time to work on a temporary basis through Reed as we currently have schools pre-booking teachers already!With competitive rates of pay Reed Education are a great agency to work through with many teachers working with us year on year. Reed Education can also help you find a permanent position whilst working with us on a temporary contract! You will be appointed a personal consultant who will work with you every step of the way, for further information, apply below or contact us on or Email us at Next StepsBook your personal one to one appointment with your consultant - Contact us today!We will then put a time in the diary to meet your personal consultant who will help you every step of the way.Reed Open DaysLooking ahead why not come to one of our Reed Open Days? We hold regular open days where you can drop in and meet the team, get registered for the here and now or the next term coming. Please enquire on the contact details above for our next Reed Open Day.What would you do with an additional extra £100??Refer a friend scheme: Know someone who might be interested in working through Reed? Refer them to Reed and once they have a completed assignment you will be win £100 of vouchers! (Terms and Conditions apply)Higher rates are based on an LTD basis, Please enquire for further details on the benefits and how these can be achieved. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Farnborough, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 240.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36128797/599125054"	"07/12/2018 09:03:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jv"	NA
"Teacher of Science/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Science/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Science, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students! About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817036/588298398"	"02/12/2018 11:07:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaf"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Maths/Lead Practitioner"	""	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Maths/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Mathematics, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students! About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817039/588298368"	"02/12/2018 11:07:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEac"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of English/Lead Practitioner"	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon - + £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of English, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes.Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional developmentHarris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £1.5k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817037/588298355"	"02/12/2018 11:07:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaV"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Geography/Lead Practitioner"	""	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography/Lead Practitioner"	"Croydon"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an enthusiastic and engaging qualified Teacher of Geography, with the possibility of Lead Practitioner for the right candidate. You will need to be an outstanding teacher with a commitment and passion for your subject as well as Leadership and Learning. Your opportunity We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. You will need to be: A qualified teacher (holding QTS or equivalent and a relevant undergraduate degree) to teach across all key stages and who has excellent subject knowledge; A committed practitioner, who will want to attain the highest standards in teaching and learning and who will expect excellence from the students; A collaborative and motivated individual who will lead the subject through a variety of innovative approaches including curriculum design, teaching strategies, use of technology and intervention programmes. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education An Inner/Outer London Harris Allowance, plus a performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students! About Harris Invictus Academy Croydon Harris Invictus Academy Croydon was rated 'outstanding' in every category following its first ever Ofsted inspection in October 2016: only the seventh secondary free school in London to achieve this. The academy opened with its first cohort in September 2014 and moved into a state-of-the-art, new building in September 2017. As of September 2018, Harris Invictus has students from Year 7 to Year 11. The academy is oversubscribed and located in an area of disadvantage. Why work at Harris Invictus Academy Croydon? A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect The combination of traditional values of discipline and good-manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology A central Croydon location, close to transport links and other amenities Generous Harris benefits package and excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Croydon, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"HARRIS INVICTUS ACADEMY CROYDON"	"JS3573_6817034/588298263"	"02/12/2018 11:07:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaT"	"Graduate"
"Teacher of Business Studies"	"100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Leeds"	"Unspecified"	"Teacher of Business Studies"	"City, Leeds - 100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education is working exclusively a school in the Leeds area who are looking for a Business Studies Teacher who is willing to continue to develop minds of our future generations.This role is for a January start and is a year long maternity cover, however, for the right candidate we have been advised that further employment is possible.This school is making rapid improvements with huge increases in their GCSE results in the past academic year. The school has a fully formatted plan towards an outstanding Ofsted inspection which is well underway, developing every department in the school.You could be apart of this schools success story.If you are interested in- Joining a forward thinking Business Studies department which allows your team to evolve and progress.- CPD opportunities, allowing your teaching expertise and skills to grow- Easy motorway links from Yorkshire areas, making your journey to work pain-free.- Generous levels of PPA, allowing you to go into every lesson confident and assuredYou need to apply for this job now!All you need to do is - Provide relevant qualifications (QTS) and endure a DBS check (3 years)- Be able to teach all science specialisms up to key stage 4- Be willing to join this school on their journey to academic excellenceIf more information is required please call Reed Education on . Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"City, Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36773619/598614306"	"07/12/2018 09:03:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2j4"	NA
"Teacher of Geography (Maternity Cover)"	"A competitive salary commensurate with experience GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography (Maternity Cover)"	"Southwark, London - A competitive salary commensurate with experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Post: Fixed term, One year contract, Part time (0.6) from April 2019 James Allen's Girls' School is recruiting for an enthusiastic and highly motivated part time teacher of Geography to teach Year 7 to GCSE. Working alongside the Head of Geography and in collaboration with our excellent Geography team you will demonstrate the motivation, organisation and commitment required to deliver excellent results and support our School of highly academic girls. We Offer: A competitive salary commensurate with experience. A diverse benefit package including parking, gym membership and free lunches An opportunity to join one of the leading independent girls' schools in the country. Please visit our website via the button below to download a JAGS Teaching Staff Application Form. For further information please contact James Allen's Girls' School. Letters and CVs only will not be accepted. Closing date: 3 January 2019 Interviews: Week commencing 7 January 2019  Interviews may be held at any stage after applications are received, therefore, interested candidates are advised to apply as soon as possible. We reserve the right to close this vacancy earlier than the specified deadline, if a suitable candidate is found   JAGS is committed to equality of opportunity and to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children: applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post including checks with past employers and the Disclosure and Barring Service.  Reg charity No  "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"A competitive salary commensurate with experience GBP"	"JAMES ALLENS GIRLS SCHOOL"	"JAMES ALLENS GIRLS SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6821071/594811559"	"05/12/2018 15:28:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlojN"	NA
"Teacher of Religious Education"	"23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual (NQTs starting on M2/£25,593, subject to successful profe GBP"	"Headington, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Religious Education"	"Headington, Oxfordshire - 23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual (NQTs starting on M2/£25,593, subject to successful profe GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Cheney School is a popular, high-performing school located in the heart of Oxford serving a diverse community of students who are eager to learn and to be challenged. You can read the outcome of our recent Ofsted inspection here: Ofsted Report  We are committed to continuous professional development and have wide-ranging training and development opportunities. We are also mindful of the competing demands people face in their lives and are happy to consider part-time applications. If you are not familiar with Oxfordshire, we would recommend that you take a look at: Living in Oxfordshire - Information for Teachers  We are seeking to appoint a skilled, ambitious and innovative teacher to join a successful and progressive RE Department within the Humanities Faculty. We are a strong team which values working with young people and promoting students' lasting enthusiasm for RE. We would welcome a team player who is keen to work and plan collaboratively and contribute to a strong culture of sharing best practice, resources and ideas. This exciting post offers teaching across KS3-5. RE at Cheney School is a highly valued subject and all students take the full course GCSE (Eduqas A). The Philosophy and Ethics A Level is a popular course and students have often gone to study Philosophy related courses at A Level. We make the most of our close links with the city of Oxford and are able to offer various extra-curricular opportunities such as talks and debates. You will need to demonstrate that you: are passionate about raising levels of engagement and achievement; have the determination to provide high quality classroom teaching; want to make a positive difference by going the extra mile for the benefit of your students; have the desire and enthusiasm to play an active and collaborative role in contributing to a strong culture of sharing best practice, resources and ideas; have the interpersonal and leadership skills required to inspire and motivate colleagues and students; are keen and able to embed enjoyment and success in learning. Visits to the school prior to interview are welcomed. To arrange a visit or if you would like more information about the role, please contact Judy Gleen, Head of Humanities. Payment is on Teacher Main Scale or Upper Pay scale. The position comes with membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan. How to Apply: Please download an application pack and send it by email via the button below.  The Community Schools Alliance Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced DBS check before taking up the post, along with pre-employment safeguarding checks.  Closing date: 8am, Friday 11 th January Interviews on: w/c Monday 14 th January "	"Headington, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"23720.00 - 39406.00 Annual (NQTs starting on M2/£25,593, subject to successful profe GBP"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6818256/592930286"	"05/12/2018 17:24:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpkE"	NA
"Teacher of English & Literacy Coordinator"	"29234.00 - 48,244 + Management Allowance 1 (2,721) GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of English & Literacy Coordinator"	"Ealing, London - 29234.00 - 48,244 + Management Allowance 1 (2,721) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Band A (£29,234) - Band C (£48,244) plus Management Allowance 1 (£2,721) We require, from Easter or sooner, a committed colleague with a real interest in the provision of quality and imaginative teaching to join an experienced and supportive Faculty of English. The successful candidate will be expected to teach English throughout the school across the age and ability range, including the ability to teach up to and including A Level. They will also be the lead teacher for literacy across the school, where they will develop and implement strategies on whole school literacy. Drayton Manor is a heavily oversubscribed and successful school. Student achievement is high with a value added score at A Level placing us in the top 12% of schools nationally and 50% of GCSE students achieving the English Baccalaureate. We are very proud of our ethos. This school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to apply for an enhanced disclosure from the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS). The closing date is 12 noon, Tuesday, 11 December 2018 "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"29234.00 - 48,244 + Management Allowance 1 (2,721) GBP"	"DRAYTON MANOR HIGH SCHOOL"	"DRAYTON MANOR HIGH SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6816233/587633808"	"02/12/2018 13:06:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyM"	NA
"Teacher of Geography- 'Secondary School'- North London"	"£110 to 180 per day (based on experience)"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Teacher of Geography- 'Secondary School'- North London"	"Islington, London - £110 to 180 per day (based on experience)"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Are you an experienced or NQT on to enhance your career?.**Does this great opportunity in North London sound interesting to you?.**Hold a PGCE, SCITT, GTP etc with QTS?.If this rare and experiential opportunity appeals to you, we want you ASAP!A thriving Secondary School in North London is looking for an experienced Teacher of Geography/Geography Teacher to join their exceptional Humanities Department to start ASAP on a long term and Full time basis.School Details* North London.** January 2019** Long term and Full time basis** £110 to 180 per day (based on experience)** Great transport links** Average sized school*The school thrives itself on promoting diversity in the school with staff and students originating from diverse backgrounds. All students and staff in the school are educated to become successful regardless of their backgrounds or their heritages and they are taught to be courageous, respect their fellow students and follow the school's guidelines.The staff team are dedicated in providing strategies for students to ensure that all students and staff feel comfortable in the establishment. Furthermore, the school has an ever-growing Humanities department where Geography is one subject favoured by students in the school. Therefore, the staffing team thrives on looking for experienced and enthusiastic individuals to joint their secondary school's staffing team.Details of the RoleThe ideal Teacher of Geography/Geography Teacher will be starting in January 2019 on a permanent and Full time basis. The candidate will be teaching KS3- KS5 UK curriculum Geography lessons in the school with an understanding of different learning strategies to suit all children's learning styles. In addition the role will also prep students for GCSE and A-Level summer examinations.Requirements of the role Be able to start in January 2019Must hold a UK recognised PGCE, SCITT, GTP etc with QTSExperienced KS3-KS5 Teacher of GeographyPlease only apply if you meet the above requirements. You will be contacted if you have been progressed to the next stage of the application process.  "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£110 to 180 per day (based on experience)"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS78B4E90C/591393030"	"02/12/2018 11:12:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeP"	NA
"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019"	"917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Leicester, Leicestershire"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019"	"Leicester, Leicestershire - 917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"KS1 Teacher - Leicester - January 2019 Key Stage 1 Teacher - central LeicesterTo start January 2019Paid to scale.Key Stage 1 Teacher to join a 3 form entry schoolEmpowering Learning are currently recruiting on behalf of a 3 form entry primary school, the head teacher is looking to appoint inspirational and compassionate Key Stage 1 Teacher who has a history of 'Good' or better teaching. The school is searching for a Key Stage 1 Teacher who can produce exciting, creative lessons that ensure all pupils make clear progress. Behaviour throughout the school is very good and the school have a well-balanced community feel that ensures it brings together children, teachers and parents to manage this.In this Key Stage 1 Teacher post you will be leading a year group based on your skills and experience. Engagement of both pupils and parent is a focus within the school and so the head teacher is looking for a Key Stage 1 Teacher who can not only produce inclusive lessons that ensure all pupils make progress, but also enthuse parents and carers to take an active part in their child's education. CPD is excellent within the school, led by their invested Headteacher.The school is situated in central Leicester, this 3-form entry primary school has recently been graded as 'Good' by OFSTED. The school has invested heavily in facilities recently as it looks to prepare pupils for the modern world, and boasts an interactive outdoor learning space, bespoke ICT suite and brand-new resource library. If you would like to be considered for this role, please contact Oliver Taylor on and email your CV to  "	"Leicester, Leicestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"917.00 - 38633.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36763070/597594656"	"07/12/2018 09:06:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mj"	NA
"ICT Teacher Needed in Manchester!"	"90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"ICT Teacher Needed in Manchester!"	"City, Manchester - 90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"PE teacher for immediate start in Manchester Required immediately; this fantastic school based in Manchester, are looking for an inspiring PE teacher who will contribute to the wider success of the school. You should be comfortable taking on a timetable which will include all year groups within the secondary range and ideally A-Level classes also. The school is highly regarded for its friendliness and pupil progress. You will be expected to have a good knowledge of the national curriculum and be a dedicated and committed PE teacher. The successful PE teacher will have: QTS or a broad range of coaching qualifications and a relevant higher level diplomaExperience in the sports coaching and/or education sectorHave the ability to deliver high quality sport and physical activity sessions across the National CurriculumHave a knowledge and understanding of effective pupil behaviour management and be able to implement strategies with a class of 30 childrenIn return you will receive: Good rates of payA no hassle payment schemeWorking in a rewarding and respectful environmentOutstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way, with excellent industry experience and in-depth knowledgeAn excellent 'recommend a friend' scheme.Terms and Conditions Apply*If you are the right PE teacher for this role, then please call Carla on or email  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"90.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"JS3561_36782467/599172115"	"07/12/2018 09:06:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mU"	NA
"English Teacher - Twickenham £120 - £225 a day"	"120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"English Teacher - Twickenham £120 - £225 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"*English Teacher - Twickenham *January 2019 Start -Experienced English Teacher - Newly Qualified Teachers welcome. English Teacher required for a Secondary school to teach students aged from 11 to 18. The start date is for January 2019 with interviews for a temporary/long term position in the next month! We are seeking an ambitious English Teacher with high standards towards behaviour and a proven track record of good to outstanding teaching who is looking for a temporary role starting in January 2019 in the area of Twickenham, with an option to go permanent. Whether you are an experienced English teacher or an NQT who has just qualified, you should be confident in your ability to hit the ground running and continue the high level of learning achieved by the English department. The successful English Teacher will be pro-active and self-motivated, aspiring to be an outstanding practitioner if not already. You should be an innovative English Teacher with the ability to prepare lessons that ensure progression. If you are an enthusiastic and ambitious English Teacher looking for a new role, please send your CV immediately for consideration and we will be in touch to discuss if you fit our criteria. Please send your CV today! All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 225.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36515915/596911455"	"07/12/2018 09:06:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2mB"	NA
"Maths Teacher Required for a PRU in Birmingham"	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher Required for a PRU in Birmingham"	"City, Birmingham - 100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Maths Teacher for a Pupil Referral Unit in Birmingham.  Are you looking for a new challenge? Are you a Maths Teacher/Instructor with experience working in SEND Schools with students who have challenging behavior? TeacherActive are working with a PRU/Pupil Referral Unit school in Birmingham to find an outstanding Maths Teacher or Instructor with experience of working alongside students in KS3 and KS4/Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4 to promote the accelerated learning of the students. The role will be to teach a small class of students who have been excluded from mainstream school in line with the National Curriculum. The successful Teacher/Instructor will need to be naturally engaging with a genuine passion for young people's learning. Excellent classroom management skills and a strong personality are also a must. Experience and strong knowledge of the National Curriculum is highly desirable. The successful candidate needs to be a Teacher who specialises in teaching Maths and have a minimum of 6 months experience of working in a classroom environment. Fantastic organisational and communication skills and the ability to build strong relationships with staff and students are also essential. It is important that you are able to identify areas of improvement required when working on a 1:1 basis. In return you will receive:*Good rates of pay*Working in a rewarding environment*Outstanding 1 to 1 service from your dedicated consultant working to support you every step of the way *Fantastic prospects of further long term work If this exciting opportunity sounds like something you would be interested in, or you would like to hear about any of our other exciting vacancies, then please contact Rachael at TeacherActive ASAP on or forward your CV to  All applicants will be contacted to discuss suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive.Registration involves an enhanced DBS check, ID checks and will require you to supply good professional references. We pride ourselves on excellent service. We can provide a wide range of opportunities in schools and other educational institutions, with good rates of pay, at times to suit your needs.Regular external audits have shown repeatedly that our standards are exceptional. We are passionate about finding the right staff for each environment.TeacherActive is an equal opportunities employer, and operates as an Employment Business in providing temporary or contract job-seeking services. "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"TeacherActive Limited"	"JS3561_36783717/599521827"	"07/12/2018 09:04:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kU"	NA
"Science Teacher - Liverpool"	"95.00 - 155.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Liverpool"	"Unspecified"	"Science Teacher - Liverpool"	"City, Liverpool - 95.00 - 155.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Science Teacher - Liverpool Academics are currently working with a number of GOOD secondary schools based in Liverpool.  We are currently recruiting a Science Teacher to work in our Liverpool schools on a Full time basis. This role is due to start January 2019! Do you have? *QTS *Experience of teaching Science to GCSE within a secondary school environment *The ability to plan, prepare and deliver outstanding and engaging lessons *Excellent classroom and behaviour management *Experience of supporting year 11 pupils through their GCSE's If you do APPLY TODAY! In return, academics can offer you *Excellent rates of pay *A variety of teaching opportunities *Access to permanent positions If this sounds like a role that suits you, then please submit your CV or call Roxanne on to arrange your registration appointment at our Hooton office.  All successful applicants are subject to standard safeguarding and employment checks including a face to face interview and DBS check. Academics Ltd is an employment business.  "	"City, Liverpool, UK"	"Education"	NA	"95.00 - 155.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36517309/596922728"	"06/12/2018 07:03:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEy"	NA
"Business Teacher"	"60.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Sunderland"	"Unspecified"	"Business Teacher"	"City, Sunderland - 60.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Business Teacher - SunderlandThe Education Network is currently working in partnership with a reputable Secondary School in Sunderland in search of a Teacher of English. The role is initially temporary from January - July, however there is an opportunity for the successful candidate to be extended or appointed on school contract.The school is known for being one of the most reputable in the LEA and the successful candidate will be joining a dedicated, passionate and committed department. In order to be successful in your application you must be confident and experienced in teaching Business at KS3-4, any experience of KS5 teaching would be advantageous.Requirements for this role:- QTS or other UK recognised Teaching qualification.- Experience teaching Business at KS3-4- Excellent behaviour management skills- A degree in a relevant subject.- Experience in the classroom-Have strong interpersonal skills in order to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students.- Have excellent organisational and time management skills.The Education Network has become first choice for secondary schools across the region for both daily and long term supply cover. We also work with our client schools on exclusive permanent recruitment opportunities not advertised anywhere else.We have developed a unique CPD programme for our teachers and support staff and you could also benefit from the ongoing training we provided to all our staff free of charge as and when the courses are released thought the course of the academic year.The Education Network is committed to Safer Recruitment and recruits to Compliance + standards. Any appointment will be subject to stringent checks including referencing and an enhanced DBS check. The Education Network is an equal opportunities employer. The Education Network is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. "	"City, Sunderland, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 180.00 Annual GBP"	"The Education Network"	"The Education Network"	"JS3561_36764937/598103199"	"06/12/2018 07:02:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEV"	NA
"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019 - St Helens"	"GBP"	"St. Helens, Merseyside"	"Unspecified"	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019 - St Helens"	"St. Helens, Merseyside - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"EYFS Teacher Required January 2019- St Helens Milk Education are looking to appoint an EYFS Teacher to work at a School in St Helens in a Reception class. The position is to start Monday 7th January 2019 and the School are looking to meet someone for a chat before they finish for the Christmas break. This role is for 5 full days per week and will be an on-going long-term role. The full teaching cycle is expected at all times, including planning, marking, assessing, recording data, report writing, staff insets and training and parents evenings.The School are happy to look at taking on either an NQT or a Qualified Teacher. Previous EYFS experience is essential and excellent knowledge the EYFS curriculum and assessments is desirable. You must also be committed to working in a Full time role as the school are looking for continuity. The school provides an extremely welcoming environment, a supportive team environment and extremely passionate children. In order to be considered for this role we require you meet the following criteria; Hold a relevant teaching qualification with QTS, such as a PGCE, B.Ed. or a B.A. Hons.Have eligibility to work in the UK or be a UK resident.Have previous experience of working in a UK Primary School.Two suitable references covering the last 2 years.Hold a current DBS that is registered with the update service or be willing to apply for a new one.In return MILK Education can offer; Excellent rates of pay.Direct links to local schools.Dedicated Consultants who will cater for your employment needs with 24/7 availabilityCommitment to quality and safeguarding.24/7 support for interview and lesson observation preparation.Privacy Statement At Milk Education, our core values have been built around the importance of transparency, innovation, passion and collaboration. As such, we are committed to open communication and the protection of your privacy.  "	"St. Helens, Merseyside, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Milk Education"	"Milk Education"	"JS3561_36745607/592834076"	"02/12/2018 13:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEvk"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Havant, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Havant, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher of PE needed for \"Good\" School in Havant!This School is an over subscribed mixed secondary school based in Hampshire. The school are committed to providing a supportive environment for its staff and pupils, and has high expectations for all.They are looking for a passionate and dynamic teacher to join their expanding PE department that has recently benefited from an update to its facilities. The department is well resourced with a fantastic staff team with a wide variety of skill sets and training.The school are open to applicants from any career points, therefore welcome NQTs. It is a positive environment in which to begin, or continue your career in teaching under the guidance of an excellent SLT. You will make a positive impact on this department who wishes to grow its KS4 opportunities and its extra curricular timetable.Person Specification, you should be/have:Fully Qualified Science Teacher, with UK QTS or Overseas equivalentAble to teach PE up to KS4Able to inspire colleagues and students alikePassionate about their subject, ideally with specialismInnovative and creative in the delivery of lessonsShould be familiar with best practise in PEAble to enthuse and support studentsNumeration and Benefits:You will enjoy a vibrant and collaborative environment, where you are offered the support and resources needed to succeedDedicated Consultant at Teaching PersonnelRegular CPD in SchoolIndustry leading training from Teaching PersonnelAll pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"Havant, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS2BE45FF0/590483968"	"01/12/2018 11:07:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzwI"	NA
"Geography Teacher - Permanent - Bexley - Immediate"	"GBP"	"Bexley, London"	"Permanent"	"Geography Teacher - Permanent - Bexley - Immediate"	"Bexley, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Geography Teacher - Permanent - Bexley - ImmediatelyGeography Teacher - ImmediatelyPermanentComprehensive schoolKey Stages 3 - 5A Good school (OFSTED)Outer London Pay Are you an experienced or newly qualified Geography Teacher seeking an opportunity to join a supportive school then apply today! We are seeking a talented Geography Teacher who has the ability to deliver creative lessons to motivated students.A good school in Bexley is looking for a passionate Geography teacher to join the school in a permanent role starting immediately. The school is known for its strong ethos, built around respect, consideration of others, high standards of leadership with a stable and supportive staff body. If you are a PGCE student in Geography seeking that all-important NQT position or experienced teacher looking to join a great performing school then apply today for an immediate interview.About the School:A good Ofsted rating in most recent inspectionComprehensive behaviour policy used consistently by all staffA wide range of extracurricular activitiesSchool is easily accessible by public transportAbout the Role:Geography teaching role in BexleyPermanentGood team ethos within the departmentExcellent NQT supportOuter London PayAbout you: *Must be a qualified teacher (ideally PGCE with QTS) *Excellent knowledgeability in Geography (KS3 - KS5)*Consistent behaviour management*Be able to deliver outstanding Geography lessons consistently*Have UK teaching experience or be a strong NQT*Be a UK resident or be eligible to work in the UK*Hold a current and up to date DBS disclosure (or be willing to apply for one)*Be creative and innovative to engage students in a class*Good knowledge of differentiation for all learners*Passionate about Geography and young people*Have ambition and tenacity*Encourage students to reach their full potentialApply with your most up to date CV today or call for more information.  "	"Bexley, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS431CA682/599160245"	"07/12/2018 07:04:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Gc"	NA
"Maths Teacher - Beckenham - Secondary School - January 2019"	"£27,596 - £38,963"	"Beckenham, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Maths Teacher - Beckenham - Secondary School - January 2019"	"Beckenham, Kent - £27,596 - £38,963"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Maths Teacher - Beckenham - Secondary School - January 2019A co-ed secondary school in Beckenham is looking for a fully qualified Maths teacher to start a Full time position in January 2019. This school has been rated 'Good' by Ofsted and has been commended for its approach to staff-student relations, resulting in a vast improvement in behaviour and exam results.The ideal candidate for this role will be enthusiastic and passionate about their subject and will have extensive knowledge in Mathematics They will also need to have had at least a year's experience, teaching Mathematics in a UK secondary School.About the role: A permanent Maths teaching role in a co-ed secondary school in BeckenhamStarting in January 2019M1 £27,596 - M6 £38,963 Outer London pay scale (UPS also available)Teaching Maths from KS3 - KS5Candidate will have QTS in the U.K.Candidate will a PGCE in MathsCandidate will have at least 1 year teaching Maths in a UK secondary school"	"Beckenham, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£27,596 - £38,963"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS8D1572ED/591393177"	"01/12/2018 11:07:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzwD"	NA
"Science Teacher Job in Manchester"	" £39,406"	"Manchester, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher Job in Manchester"	"Manchester, Lancashire -  £39,406"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher - Full Time - Manchester - January 2019 We are seeking a Science Teacher or Newly Qualified Science Teacher to join the department in January for a long term, full time position. Full time position for a Science Teacher capable of teaching all 3 Sciences up to GCSE levelWorking within a large modern secondary school in Manchester graded 'Good' by OfstedGet paid up to £39,406 in line with teaching scale point (MPS/UPS)Ongoing position with the potential of a permanent contractOpportunity to further develop your skill set through Teaching Personnel's CPD coursesDue to a gap in department our client school are seeking a Science Teacher capable of teaching all 3 Sciences to KS3 and GSCE level to join the school in January. This is a great opportunity for both an experienced Science Teacher or one who is newly qualified, with full support given from the school and department.You will be working within a large modern secondary school in Manchester graded 'Good' by Ofsted. The school has an excellent reputation within the community and has recently undergone a multimillion pound refurbishment, resulting in excellent teaching and learning provisions throughout. The school will require the incoming Science Teacher to be confident in upholding this reputation and be capable of raising attainment throughout the department and delivering consistent results.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Manchester, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	" £39,406"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC0A2B373/590433163"	"01/12/2018 09:05:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxJd"	NA
"Maths NQT/Teacher of Maths (September 2019)"	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses "	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths NQT/Teacher of Maths (September 2019)"	"Hackney, London - Inner London Salary + Bonuses "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) - Hackney We are seeking a talented Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) for a brilliant Secondary school based in Hackney for September 2019. Do you have excellent Mathematical subject knowledge and a passion for delivering high quality teaching and learning within Maths? Are you an NQT in search of your first teaching post for September 2019? This is an exciting opportunity for a Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) to join a well-established secondary school and Maths Department. Outstanding School by OFSTED Permanent Teaching Post Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) Applications from NQTs are warmly encouraged Main Pay Scale Inner London Maths NQT Vacancy London Borough of Hackney High achieving Maths Department This highly successful Secondary School in Hackney are looking to recruit a talented and ambitious Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) for September. Based in Central Hackney, the school has an outstanding reputation in the community for providing high quality teaching and learning to its students. The school are looking for a Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) who is committed to raising standards and expectations not only within Maths but within the wider school community. There are ample opportunities for progression within the school for the right candidate after successful completion of a satisfactory induction year. The appointed Maths Teacher (Maths NQT) that joins will be offered a highly regarded induction programme and CPD opportunities to help develop your career. The Maths department is a positive and hard working environment with many inspirational teachers. If you are looking for a school where you are able to inspire students and be passionate about your subject of Maths then we would like to hear from you. Please send a copy of your CV today - we looking forward to hearing from potential Maths NQTs.  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses "	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6816064/589241377"	"02/12/2018 11:10:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEcz"	NA
"Science Teacher/Teacher of Science/NQT - Central London"	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher/Teacher of Science/NQT - Central London"	"London - Inner London Salary GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A forward thinking and innovative teacher of Science is required in Greater London for a July or September start (2019) Science Teacher Specialism of Biology, Chemistry or Physics Science to Key Stage 4 MPS Inner London Permanent/Full time contract The NQT Partnership are looking for an energetic, enthusiastic and highly motivated Science NQT to join a supportive and high achieving department. This role represents a unique opportunity to join an academy school with the highest expectations for pupils and staff, and to help shape the school's continued growth. You will be applying for a role in a school with a brilliant track record for supporting Newly Qualified Teachers. You will be offered an experienced mentor and a reduced timetable during your first year. To apply for this job, you must: Hold UK QTS, QTLS, or an overseas teaching qualification including degree Have good subject knowledge Have a specialism of either Biology, Chemistry or Physics (Key Stage 5) Prepare and deliver lessons to a range of classes of different ages and abilities If you would like to know more about this vacancy, please forward a most recent CV. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813617/580802640"	"02/12/2018 11:12:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEed"	NA
"Reception Teacher - East London"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Reception Teacher - East London"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Role:- Reception Class TeacherLocation: East London Ofsted: Good Start Date:- January 2019 Salary:- M1-M6 Inner London Benefits; TLR's available for the right candidate*NQT's are urged to apply!A Good Ofsted rated school in East London is seeking a Reception Teacher to join their school from January 2019. As Reception class teacher in this school you will have pleasure of working with a diverse team of teachers that take great pride in making this school a stimulating and inspiring place for pupils and staff to work. The school is located within the heart of East London. We are working with the head teachers and governors to recruit a teacher that is: able to raise and sustain standardshas excellent interpersonal skills and enjoys working with pupils, staff and parentshas excellent curriculum knowledgeis able to enthuse and inspire childrencan contribute to a professional and committed teamWe can offer:supportive, motivated colleaguesenthusiastic pupils and supportive parentshighly supportive and enthusiastic mentora diverse and vibrant community schoolThe school is urging both newly qualified and experienced teachers to apply for this exciting chance to be a Reception Class Teacher at their school.Teachers applying for this role, must hold the following:A Recognised Teaching Qualification with QTSIdeally previous experience of working within a Reception classTwo Teaching Related ReferencesA recent CRB or DBS"	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSF2B21531/591737220"	"02/12/2018 13:06:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEya"	NA
"Music Teacher in West Acton."	"£23400- £27300"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Music Teacher in West Acton."	"London - £23400- £27300"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Are you an inspiring Music teacher who is looking for their next rewarding career? J and C Education are actively looking for a passionate, creative, experienced Primary School Music Teacher that is able to deliver high quality, engaging Music lessons in West Acton. Start Date - January 2019 Salary: £23400- £27300 pro rata depending on experience Interviewing: ASAP J and C have a fantastic role available at one of our partnering school, who are looking for a KS1 & KS2 music teacher to deliver the music curriculum. Our friendly school highly values the importance of the music and the arts. Your time would be spent delivering the music curriculum as part of their PPA cover, whilst also leading the choir and music ensembles. The ideal candidate will be able to deliver inspiring lessons in accordance with National Curriculum requirements to KS1 AND KS2 children. They must also be able to coordinate extra curriculum activities such as choirs and singing assemblies at an excellent standard. The school has many music events throughout the year therefore the ideal candidate must be able to coordinate and show case both school choirs and ensembles during these events The successful candidate needs to be confident in their ability to teach outstanding lessons, demonstrating enthusiasm and passion at all times. They must be able to have excellent behavior and classroom management and be able to motivate and inspire children to exceed. Our teachers are consistent, and are able to 'think outside of the box' whilst also leading the music department at our schools. We pride ourselves in placing autonomous teachers which is why schools choose to partner with us. We will only consider teachers who meet these exact requirements. Essential Requirements: 2 years + UK primary music teaching experienceDBS ClearanceAble to engage and inspire at all timesA strong classroom managementMust be able to integrate in the school community and organise extra curriculum activities and concerts.Benefits of working with J and C Education: Career progressionFriendly and reactive teamFamily of musiciansPlanning providedContinued Professional DevelopmentTraining DaysSocial Events1 to 1 mentor to guide you through your teaching journey "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£23400- £27300"	"J and C Education"	"J and C Education"	"JS3561_36739719/591758859"	"01/12/2018 09:02:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxEl"	NA
"Science Teacher (Chemistry)"	"GBP"	"Knowsley, Merseyside"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher (Chemistry)"	"Knowsley, Merseyside - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Science Teacher with a Specialism in Chemistry looking for full time work from January?Teaching Personnel are working on behalf of a catholic secondary school in the Knowsley area who have a need for a Science teacher with a specialism in Chemistry on a long term basis with a view to a permanent position for the right candidate.The role is a January 2019 start, working full time within the schools Science department. The timetable consists of KS3 General Science and GCSE Chemistry teaching, previous experience is required for any interested applicants. You may on occasion be asked to cover other lessons within the department; planning and set work will be provided along with the department's full support.The role:- KS3/4 Science teacher (Chemistry), full time position - Start: January 2019- Supportive department with excellent facilities- Allocated planning/PPA time- Salary negotiable (dependant on experience)- School situated in Knowsley, Merseyside - The school is easy accessible from the M57 & M58 motorways and has close public transport linksThe school is a mixed Roman Catholic High School, working with pupils across years 7 - 11 and is currently going through a transitional period. Due to facilities and core subject status, Science is a subject with good pupil interest, the school are happy to consider all experience levels from interested Science teachers, full support provided for newly qualified teachers.Requirements:- PGCE/QTSIf you are looking for a Science position in September or for more information on this role or any other positions we have available please contact Craig onFor immediate consideration apply for this excellent teaching opportunity here: All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Knowsley, Merseyside, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSFC6F7B62/582753972"	"05/12/2018 16:19:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo6N"	NA
"Science Teacher (Biology)"	""	"Knowsley, Merseyside"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher (Biology)"	"Knowsley, Merseyside"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Biology Teacher looking for full time work from January?Teaching Personnel are working on behalf of a catholic secondary school in the Knowsley area who have a need for a Science teacher with a specialism in Biology on a long term basis with a view to a permanent position for the right candidate.The role is a January 2019 start, working full time within the schools Science department. The timetable consists of KS3 General Science and GCSE Biology teaching, previous experience is required for any interested applicants. You may on occasion be asked to cover other lessons within the department; planning and set work will be provided along with the department's full support.The role:- KS3/4 Science teacher (Biology), full time position - Start: January 2019- Supportive department with excellent facilities- Allocated planning/PPA time- Salary negotiable (dependant on experience)- School situated in Knowsley, Merseyside - The school is easy accessible from the M57 & M58 motorways and has close public transport linksThe school is a mixed Roman Catholic High School, working with pupils across years 7 - 11 and is currently going through a transitional period. Due to facilities and core subject status, Science is a subject with good pupil interest, the school are happy to consider all experience levels from interested Science teachers, full support provided for newly qualified teachers.Requirements:- PGCE/QTSIf you are looking for a Science position in September or for more information on this role or any other positions we have available please contact Craig onFor immediate consideration apply for this excellent teaching opportunity here: All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & MA.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Knowsley, Merseyside, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	NA	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JS0B77763C/571259142"	"04/12/2018 12:13:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlaGL"	NA
"Business Teacher"	"+ £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Business Teacher"	"Southwark, London - + £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a qualified Business Teacher to join our supportive and talented team at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich.  We are looking for someone who will: Support the Faculty Director in continuing to deliver our vision of an outstanding, inclusive academy with the highest standards of teaching, learning and pupil progress. Contribute to raising standards of student attainment and to monitor the effectiveness of learning and teaching within the Faculty. The successful applicant will be resilient, creative and a dynamic practitioner, and must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant degree. You will be fully supported through a comprehensive Induction Programme both within and across the Harris Federation. For NQTs, we provide our highly successful Harris Federation NQT programme where you will train alongside other NQTs from across the Federation. This enables aspiring teachers to support and learn from each other, in the true collaborative spirit of Harris. There is a structure of support and challenge with customised professional learning, and every NQT has a professional mentor. Teachers with the Harris Federation receive a generous benefits package, including a Harris Allowance on top of MPS/UPS, performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich: Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich opened in September 2009 and is judged Outstanding by Ofsted. Our vision is clear: nothing is impossible and everything is possible, irrespective of personal characteristics or background. Every problem has a solution. We believe we are more robust, resilient and determined as a team than as a group of individuals. We support, challenge and hold each other to account at all levels within the academy to ensure that our students achieve their potential, are motivated, engaged and fully prepared for life beyond our academy. The academy's specialisms are Enterprise and Sport with a 'can-do' ethos of always improving upon your personal best. We have now reached our full capacity of 750 students across Years 7 to 11 and we work in partnership with Harris Federation Post 16. In 2017, we achieved a Progress 8 score of +0.73, which places us in the top 6% of schools nationally. Why work at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich? The number seven boys' comprehensive school for student progress, which has been in the top 6% for student progress every year for the past five years Judged 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, we combine the traditional values of discipline, respect and good behaviour with contemporary best practice in teaching, learning and technology A superb group of students, teachers and support staff, led by an exceptionally experienced and supportive leadership team Excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Generous Harris rewards and benefits For a full job description and person specification, please download the Applicant Pack at our website via the button below.  For more information, or to arrange a visit or a confidential discussion with the Principal, please contact the academy on . Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"+ £2k Harris Allowance GBP"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"JS3573_6822495/599154176"	"07/12/2018 09:09:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o1"	NA
"Y6 teacher for Leeds school (LS9)"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Y6 teacher for Leeds school (LS9)"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Year 6 Teacher looking for long term work starting in January in Leeds?Teaching Personnel are currently working with a three form entry school in the LS9 area of Leeds who are looking for a Year 6 Teacher to start in January for 1 - 2 terms.The multicultural school are looking for a:* Fully qualified Teacher who has previous teaching experience in Year 6.* SATs experience* SEN experience such as SEMH, ASC and ADHD Full time, term time* An enthusiastic, caring and resourceful individual* Committed to raising standards and attainment through high quality support* Be pro-active* Available from the beginning of JanuaryThe school will be interviewing for the role before Christmas so there is a quick turn around of interviews.The successful candidate must also have DBS on the update service, a valid passport and must also be able to provide Teaching Personnel with at least 2 references.Teaching Personnel work in partnership with a variety of leading, nationally recognised CPD providers, such as National Association of SEN, National Autistic Society, Ruth Miskin, Team Teach, Educare, Creative Education, and Leeds Trinity University.These partners deliver an extensive range of career developing opportunities to you, covering areas such as; Accredited Team Teach, Understanding and Supporting Children and Adults on the Autism Spectrum, An Introduction to Special Educational Needs and Disability and many more.If you are interested in the upcoming Year 6 position in Leeds please apply with an up to date CV.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSBF02B8B9/590195994"	"07/12/2018 09:08:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2oP"	NA
"Lead Maths Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Lead Maths Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"* Lead Maths Teacher Vacancy * Fantastic Independent Secondary School in East London * Long term * Full-time An Independent Secondary school based in East London are seeking to appoint a dynamic, qualified Maths Teacher to lead the department. They are looking for someone who is able to plan and deliver engaging lessons across Key stage 3 and 4. This particular school is held in high regard by the local community and has a reputation for success and student attainment. This post would be suitable for experienced Teachers who have previously led a department Requirements: To teach Maths at Key stage 3 and 4Secure outstanding attainment and progress at all key stages.Provide extra-curricular support for pupils to ensure outstanding achievement and progress for exam groups and promote enjoyment and participation in the subject for non-exam groups. Show flexibility, innovation and intelligence in responding to the needs of the pupils and Academy as a whole.The ideal candidate will have: A recognised teaching qualificationA current DBSA confident and friendly approachA strong background in MathsExperience in leading a departmentActive Recruitment LTD is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All applicants are subject to a satisfactory enhanced check by the Disclosure and Barring Service (previously the Criminal Records Bureau) and at least two independent references. We are an Equal Opportunities employer. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"Active Recruitment Ltd"	"JS3561_36497783/596926571"	"07/12/2018 09:07:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2m5"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher Wanted: Are you a talented Teacher looking for an exciting new challenge from January 2019? Would you love to become Business Studies Teacher at an amazing School with Sixth Form in Hemel Hempstead that offer unrivalled professional development, support from SLT and where students love the subject? Well, Educatus Recruitment might have the perfect post for you starting January 2019! @ Business Studies Teacher @ NQTs Welcome @ Creative Faculty @ Permanent Post, January 2019 Start @ MPS/UPS £25,000 - £42,000 @ Thriving location in Hemel Hempstead @ Inspirational SLT @ Excellent Career Development Available @ KS5 Business Studies Popular A talented Business Studies Teacher is required at a top school in Hemel Hempstead, one that is going through some exciting developments and expanding, Interested? They are searching for a creative Business Studies Teacher who can inspire students and support a strong department. Can you help? THE SCHOOL: Located in Hemel Hempstead this thriving secondary school & sixth form is a popular choice for parents. Business Studies is a thriving department with excellent resources and facilities and recently the school has seen fantastic progression in results thanks to some innovative teaching & learning. The school has a first class CPD programme for those teachers who really wish to excel, and leadership eagerly promote within those who show ambition. THEY ARE LOOKING FOR: From January 2019 they are keen to secure an outstanding Business Studies Teacher. Ideally, they would like to recruit a dynamic teacher with excellent potential to grow within the school, a Business Studies Teacher who can make a strong impact on this successful department. With big expansion plans afoot, the school would welcome a Business Studies Teacher who is committed to providing a passionate and innovative approach to this department, and with plenty of KS5 teaching on offer, this is a great opportunity for someone to make an impact. THEY CAN OFFER: As Business Studies Teacher this school will give the successful candidate full autonomy within the department to be as creative and innovative with regards to teaching & learning. This role comes at an exciting time for the school as they look to grow and expand and SLT will give the successful candidate access to some excellent professional development. So, if you'd like to become Business Studies Teacher at this thriving Hemel Hempstead school, get in touch with Educatus Recruitment ASAP. HOW TO APPLY: If you're a truly outstanding Business Studies Teacher in the making, and you'd like to be considered for this Business Studies Teacher post in Hemel Hempstead get in touch ASAP. Email a CV & Covering letter to Nigel Horne at Educatus Recruitment today. "	"Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"EDUCATUS RECRUITMENT LTD"	"JS3561_36778516/599121669"	"07/12/2018 09:05:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lU"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Sevenoaks, Kent"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Sevenoaks, Kent - 35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Business Studies Teacher in Sevenoaks, KentRikama Education are currently looking for a Business Studies Teacher to work in Sevenoaks on a permanent basis from January/February 2019 your day to day duties will include: Classroom management Compiling and updating individual learning plans for students Teaching Business Studies to KS3, KS4.KS5, GCSE, A-Level, BTEC Marking and planning for all lessons Lead a strong and supportive team Maintaining and improving the academic results of their studentsTo be considered for this exciting Business Studies Teacher role, you will need the following experience: Hold qualified teaching status -QTS Have previous experience teaching the UK curriculum Have strong classroom management skills Have strong knowledge of the KS3, KS4 and KS5 curriculum Must work well with staff and pupils alike Experience teaching Business Studies up to BTEC Or A LevelOur client is looking for a Business Studies Teacher to join a busy team to support and develop students.They are a creative school where all students flourish and make exceptional progress resulting in an Very Good' ofsted report. The staff are dedicated and passionate to inspire the students to be the best they can be. The school helps students develop a range of transferable skills such as teamwork, leadership, independence, communication, and time management. The SLT team within the school is supportive of the staff and operates an open-door' policy, looking to staff to contribute towards ideas.If you are interested in applying to this Business Studies opportunity, please click apply now below "	"Sevenoaks, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"35k Annual 00 GBP"	"Rikama Education Ltd"	"Rikama Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36314543/598331950"	"07/12/2018 09:05:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lR"	NA
"Dynamic Class Teacher"	"664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Dynamic Class Teacher"	"London - 664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Dynamic Class Teacher *January 2019 *Permanent contract *Wandsworth  Do you have the skills to teach the next generation?  We are working with a dynamic and thriving primary school that has a creative approach to education.  Are you an experienced teacher with a proven record of raising achievement?   Are you a NQT with a passion for teaching and learning?   Do you feel you can make a significant contribution to this school's on-going success?  We are looking for a dynamic class teacher to join this school's ever increasing team. The successful dynamic class teacher will:  Be innovative and creative in their teaching strategies Be open to work collaboratively Recognise the varying needs of the children The school can offer:  A caring and supportive whole school communityA supportive, warm and welcoming atmosphereHappy, enthusiastic and well behaved childrenA commitment to your on-going professional development We welcome applications from prospective dynamic class teachers. To express your interest, please contact Nurani by emailing  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"664.00 - 40372.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36546717/598325801"	"07/12/2018 09:05:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lB"	NA
"NQT - Secondary Teacher - Outstanding School - North London"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"NQT - Secondary Teacher - Outstanding School - North London"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"NQT Secondary Teacher - Enfield  Are you looking to relocate to London in September 2019 and would like to secure a role before Christmas? We are recruiting for an extraordinary expanding secondary school that are seeking NQT Teachers in all subjects!  *NQT Teacher position in North London*Excellent CPD/weekly coaching*Position starting in September 2019!*Competitive salary + Benefits The School- Outstanding in all features!- History of supporting NQTs through induction and RQT year- Excellent behaviour policy- CPD, weekly coaching and fast progression into management  The NQT Role- Successful School, great GCSE and A-Level results- Opportunities to assist A-Level classes to prepare you for sixth form teaching- Lots of extra-curricular! Have a passion for something? Create your own club! The Ideal NQT- Desire to be an outstanding teacher- Keen to go the extra mile for both pupils and colleagues - A desire to contribute to extra-curricular with your own club!- Passion for high standards of education If you are looking for an exciting, trend-setting secondary school in Enfield where you can hone your teaching skills and move your career in the right direction, this Science Teacher NQT post is the position you have been waiting for. Click 'Apply now' to send your CV to Sophie Kelly at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36783233/599522291"	"07/12/2018 09:04:45"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kw"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Food Technology Teacher Janaury or ASAP Start! Academics is searching for a Food Technology Teacher required to start ASAP at a secondary school based in North London. The role will be start ASAP or in January 2019 What we need from you Qualified teacher Status (QTS) or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationBe passionate and energeticNQTs are welcome to applyA valid DBSThe right to work in the UKApply Today! Call Ben Email  "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36777474/599120063"	"07/12/2018 07:03:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Fp"	NA
"Science Teacher required for All-boys faith school in NW London"	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Science Teacher required for All-boys faith school in NW London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an Science Teacher to work at an all-boys Faith (within the SEN department) school located in North West London to start in ASAP on a perm basis. Science is an intriguing and fascinating subject. If you have the knowledge and are keen to share this with young people then this teaching role in a popular secondary school will be of great interest. The role itself is will involve teaching Small classes of around ten students. All classrooms are equipped with brand new equipment. You will be required to keep up-to-date with new trends and educational developments in the world of Science which should be used as a basis for your teaching. Your passion, enthusiasm and knowledge of the subject will help you lead the next generation of Science experts. You must demonstrate: QTS or QTLS ideally but unqualified will be consideredExperience of teaching general Science successfully at secondary levelExcellent subject knowledge and a passion for ScienceAble to teach Chemistry, Physics and Biology to KS4Flexibility, resilience and excellent organisational skillsAn ability to be a strong team playerOpen To working with small classes of around 10 students with different SEN needsTo apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address: or register on-line at . We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of exceptional secondary schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36523950/596918244"	"06/12/2018 07:02:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvD2"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Walton-on-thames, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Walton-on-thames, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a strong Physical Education Teacher looking for a new role?Can you teach KS3-KS4 Physical Education?Do you have experience supporting those with social, emotional and mental health difficulties?Teaching Personnel are looking to appoint a Physical Education Teacher on behalf of a client school in Walton-On-Thames. The school provides education for children and young people aged between 11-16 years who have a diagnosis of social, emotional and mental health difficulties and associated disorders.They are looking to appoint a Secondary Teacher of Physical Education with an excellent knowledge of the KS3 and KS4 PE curriculum. Experience teaching students at GCSE level is essential and knowledge of SEN would be desirable.The ideal candidate would also be:Trustworthy and reliableCalm, patient and empatheticWell organised and efficientCompetent in classroom practice and delivery to ensure all pupils are engaged and learningAble to work as a member of a team, providing motivation and support for colleaguesThis post offers either a newly qualified teacher or an experienced teacher the opportunity to develop their professional expertise.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Walton-on-thames, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSD6B95020/592977564"	"05/12/2018 10:56:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlmPd"	NA
"Science Teacher - 2IC Science - January start - East London"	""	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher - 2IC Science - January start - East London"	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced Science Teacher with a passion for your subject? Are you looking to progress in your career and take on new challenges? Have you considered becoming the second in charge of Science? Second in Charge of Science Experienced Science TeacherImproving School MPS or UPS Inner London This vibrant school, located in East London, has improved significantly in recent years, and is now rated as 'good' across the board. The dedication and commitment of the staff, especially in the Science Department, have directly contributed to the consistent improvements in results. A strong community atmosphere and an aim to achieve 95% good or outstanding lessons make this school one of the most progressive in the borough.The Head of Science is seeking an experienced Science Teacher to join him in further progressing the Science Department. The successful candidate will:*Be passionate about teaching and learning*Have experience teaching Science at KS3 and KS4*Employ a variety of teaching strategies to support, engage, and challenge studentsThe school is holding immediate interviews. Apply today with your most up to date CV.  "	"Tower Hamlets, London, UK"	"Science, Education"	NA	NA	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS1A1E92C4/572846815"	"04/12/2018 12:43:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlaXL"	NA
"DT Teacher - North London"	""	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"DT Teacher - North London"	"Islington, London"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for a DT teacher (Product design) to work within an Outstanding North London school from January 2019. This is a part time post 4 days a week teaching product design for 2 terms in the first instance (maternity). This is an Outstanding mixed school with \"impeccable behaviour\" and an excellent reputation within the local community. The DT department is particularly successful and boasts an approachable and supportive head of department; the post will involve teaching DT & Product Design at Key stage 3 & 4. This post is suitable for both NQT's and experienced teachers. To be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an Outstanding mixed school which was categorised in as Outstanding in all aspects of the report. Academically the school achieves 77% A*-C including English and Maths, the students are engaged and eager to learn and staff members are welcoming and friends. The school recently underwent a building project of £23.4 million which has resulted in state of the art facilities and several new buildings on campus. The school currently has over 1150 students currently on roll and recently opened a new 6th form. All in all this is a fantastic place to work both in terms of students and staff members.Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the core values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.ApplicationTo be considered for this opportunity or to find out more please forward an updated CV as soon as possible. "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS7BACBC97/591737440"	"02/12/2018 13:06:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyQ"	NA
"Maths Teacher up to KS5"	"GBP"	"Carnforth, Lancashire"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher up to KS5"	"Carnforth, Lancashire - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Rotherwood Teachers are seeking to appoint a Mathematics Teacher, commencing ASAP this role will be on going  You must be a strong practitioner To teach Maths to groups of students from all abilities across KS3 to KS5To ensure that all lessons are planned, with clear aims and objectivesTo ensure that all lessons are delivered in line with the departmental schemes of work and school policiesTo take into account the differing ability of students and differentiate work accordinglyTo encourage all students to be actively engaged in their own learning and in reviewing their progress against targetsTo ensure that all students are known by name and that the classroom atmosphere is positive at all timesTo encourage and foster intellectual curiosityTo deal with inappropriate behaviour quickly and effectively according to the school behaviour policyTo check that all subject matter is effectively communicated and understood by all groups of studentsHold a valid Teaching Qualification, such as a PGCE, QTS or QTLS  Provide details of at least two referees covering the last 5 years work history Possess a current criminal record check (Enhanced DBS certificate that is registered with the online update service) or be prepared to apply for one as part of your registration  Be committed to the safeguarding of children and young people  Be willing to complete a face to face registration and satisfy several checks  "	"Carnforth, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Rotherwood Recruitment"	"Rotherwood Recruitment"	"JS3561_36743363/591898397"	"02/12/2018 09:09:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDzI"	NA
"ICT Teacher - 3 days a week"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"ICT Teacher - 3 days a week"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description REESON Education is looking for an ICT teacher to teach within a high-achieving all-girls school on a part-time basis (3 days a week) from January 2019. This is a part-time post teaching ICT across key stages 3 & 4 until the end of the academic year in the first instance. The school has a longstanding history of academic excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to an Outstanding Ofsted report. This school has an extremely prestigious reputation and is an excellent place to work both in terms of students and staff members. To be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible.School InformationThis is an outstanding all-girls school based in the heart of London. The school has an academic history of excellence (87% A*- C at GCSE including English & Maths) in addition to state of the art facilities. This over-subscribed school has four applicants for ever space available and boasts a brilliant reputation within the local community. All in all this is an excellent school to work within both in terms of students and staff members.The School was judged to be 'outstanding' by OFSTED in March 2009 and November 2005. We are proud of our ethos of continual self-improvement, which characterises every aspect of our rich and culturally diverse school. In 2012 the school was named amongst the top 100 non-selective schools, in recognition of excellent attainment and progress of our students at KS4. In March 2008 the school was designated a High Performing Specialist School and our Training School initiative was launched in September 2008, building on our passion for excellent teaching and learning as well as our commitment to our language specialism and international ethos.Required Skills and expertiseBe an excellent, inspiring teacherHave a proven track record of improvementBe able to creatively contribute to the development of the students and the curriculumCompany InformationREESON Education is London's Premier Recruitment Agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence.We care about education and the provision of education and have established an excellent reputation with schools and teachers alike.At REESON Education we work closely with a large network of Nurseries, Primary Schools, Secondary Schools and Colleges across London. Our client base provides us with an abundance of available daily supply, long term and permanent opportunities across all age groups in all areas of London.SalaryMPS/UPSApplicationTo be considered for this opportunity, or find out more, please forward a CV as soon as possible. "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS92E7846D/599178653"	"07/12/2018 07:06:19"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2JA"	NA
"Mathematics Teacher - Keystage Co-ordinator"	"GBP"	"Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Mathematics Teacher - Keystage Co-ordinator"	"Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Calling all Mathematic teachers, would you like to join a forward thinking school in London?Are you an inspirational Mathematics Teacher with a desire to take on the responsibility of managing a Keystage?Do you have a demonstrable history of raising attainment and aspirations?If the answer is YES then apply today to move your career to the next level.*Mathematics Teacher - Assistant Director/Keystage Co-ordinator*Aspiring Head of Department*Successful and revolutionary Secondary School and 6th Form*MPS/UPS + generous TLR*Excellent Career Development This client school is an inspirational institution and they are keen to find an equally fantastic teaching professionals. This successful and thriving Mathematics department is looking for a well-qualified teacher of Math's up to and including KS5 to join them from January 2018. Ideally we are seeking a well qualified teacher who is able to step up to be Assistant Director in the department taking responsibility for a Key Stage.You will join our well-resourced and collaborative Mathematics department and. the successful Mathematics teacher will join a school where students are well motivated and thrive in a culture of achievement and success. They have high expectations, encouraging their students to be aspirational with their learning and to enjoy all aspects of school life. There is a wide range of extra-curricular activities and opportunities for students to extend their learning.The school is keen to entice the very best teachers and can offer TLR's for keystage responsibilities. Academics recently placed a Head of another department and the school worked swiftly to move them onto SLT. The classrooms and technologies on hand are the very best specification.. The school is keen to keep Mathematics a lively subject and teachers are encouraged to demonstrate with all the whistles and bangs you can muster. The school is hoping to hear from high calibre candidates with a history of raising standards and motivating staff and pupils to generate a buzzing learning environment. If this sounds like you apply today to discuss the position further. "	"Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS3D7A3C1B/599160174"	"07/12/2018 09:08:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2n4"	NA
"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"110.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Birmingham"	"Unspecified"	"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"City, Birmingham - 110.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"MFL - French Language Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019! Are you looking for a position to start in January 2019? Academics Ltd (one of the top 10 education Agencies nationwide) is supporting a 'good' secondary school in Birmingham with recruiting enthusiastic French teachers. We are looking for qualified & experienced French teachers to fill these positions urgently. This position requires organisation and confidence when working day to day, on a short term basis and long term roles. If you are a graduate who is also looking to get into teaching, this would be a great opportunity to gain some work experience in a mainstream secondary environment. It would also be good to see if teaching is the right career for you. The school itself is well known and would offer great support for new employees when working there. This is a brilliant opportunity to experience a secondary education setting. You will be looking to be teaching French to a KS3 & 4. Job Role Supervising young people in KS3 & KS4 in the classroomRegistrationsLead French classes when the teacher is not presentResponding to student queries about the work setDealing with any student emergencies (in accordance to the school policy) that may occurDeveloping and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning Job Requirements Reliability and flexibilityExcellent time-managementLeadership skillsValid DBSA French degree or in a relevant subjectQualification (QTS/PGCE) is desirableAvailable to start in January 2019Be able to travel around BirminghamAt least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolWe are expecting our staff to work between 3-5 days a week on a competitive rate of salary. All candidates are welcome for this role. It involves varied work which could be very rewarding as you would be working with the younger generation and helping them achieve their very best. This may be your perfect opportunity you. Please send your CV to OR CALL for an immediate interview! "	"City, Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"110.00 - 170.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36766157/598101604"	"06/12/2018 07:03:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvFO"	"Graduate"
"History teacher - Twickenham £150 - £200 a day"	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"History teacher - Twickenham £150 - £200 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Location: Twickenham Salary: £120-£225 per day Job Type: Full Time, Long Term Subject: History Start date: January 2019 Are you a qualified History Teacher looking for a new opportunity? Teaching Personnel are seeking an established History teacher who is looking for a great career opportunity with a chance to excel within an excellent Humanities department. The College offer an exceptional support network for the suitable candidate. Can you deliver History to students that have a strong interest in learning? We are looking for a Geography teacher with experience of teaching the full age range from KS3-KS5 to start in January 2019. You will be joining a thriving Humanities department, where students all achieve high results at GCSE. The successful candidate will have the ability to teach Geography across the full age range, preferably including AS and A Level. You will be passionate about your subject with excellent curriculum knowledge and able to motivate and inspire your pupils. If you are a proactive and enthusiastic History teacherlooking for a new role in the new academic year, please forward your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel today for consideration.  The suitable candidate will have the following skills;  Be able to inspire and motivateKeen to progress and developHave excellent subject knowledgeExcellent team playerProvide new and innovative ideas for the facultyMinimum of 1 years' experienceLocation: Twickenham Salary: £120-£225 per day Job Type: Full Time, Long Term Subject: History Start date: January 2019 All candidates must possess a recognised Teaching Qualification (PGCE, QTS, BEd. or equivalent). All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"150.00 - 200.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36518185/596908116"	"05/12/2018 12:42:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnAX"	NA
"Design Technology Teacher (Graphic Design/Food Technology)"	"£23,720 - £39,406 "	"Stockport, Cheshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Design Technology Teacher (Graphic Design/Food Technology)"	"Stockport, Cheshire - £23,720 - £39,406 "	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher of Design Technology StockportContract type: Full-time, Temp to Perm Salary: MPS/UPS (£23,720 - £39,406)Knowledge and experience of teaching Graphic Design and/or Food Technology is desirable.We are currently seeking to appoint a Teacher of Design and Technology to join our partner school in Stockport. Our partner school is an Ofsted 'Outstanding' school located in Stockport with over 1200 pupils on roll. The successful Design Technology teacher will join our partner school in January 2019 and will be required until the end of the academic year. Whilst this is a temporary position in the first instance, there is potential for this to continue on to a permanent contract for the successful applicant.This position offers a unique opportunity to make a major contribution towards our continued high achievement. Our Design and Technology subject area delivers a vibrant and engaging curriculum at both Key Stage 3 and Key Stage 4. This popular and valued subject achieves excellent examination results on a consistent basis across a range of subject areas and Key Stage 4 qualifications. Knowledge and experience of teaching Graphic Design and/or Food Technology is desirable for this post.We are seeking a well-qualified teacher who has:A dynamic, innovative and creative approach with excellent interpersonal skillsExcellent classroom practice and behaviour managementThe ability to inspire, challenge, motivate and empower young people to achieve excellenceCommitment to achieving the very highest of standards.Our partner schools motto is \"Educating for life.\" The school aims to put pupils at the heart of everything it does, and hopes to ensure that they are fully prepared - in terms of qualifications, skills, knowledge and confidence - for whatever their next step in life may be. The school operates a college system, designed to help pupils feel safe and secure.The school hopes that the system will help students to feel part of a small community within the wider school, while also allowing staff to personalise the support that they offer pupils. The school aims to remain a \"vibrant, learning-focused organisation\" with which all pupils, parents, carers, staff and governors feel genuinely proud to be associated. The school wishes to meet with suitable applicants ASAP therefore all Design Technology Teachers either Graphic Design and/or Food Technology experienced are encouraged to apply without hesitation. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Stockport, Cheshire, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"£23,720 - £39,406 "	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS497B7220/574190897"	"02/12/2018 15:42:44"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFOX"	NA
"KS1 teacher needed, Bath (BA1)"	""	"Bath, Somerset"	"Permanent"	"KS1 teacher needed, Bath (BA1)"	"Bath, Somerset"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is working closely with a primary school based in the Bath area who are currently seeking a primary qualified teacher to teach within Key Stage 1. This role is to start ASAP until the end of the academic year.It is essential that you have previous Key Stage 1 experience, and are in particular looking for teachers who have high expectations in terms of behaviour and achievement. You will have solid knowledge of the curriculum, and have proven experience of supporting pupils within a classroom environment.The school are looking to play a full part in the wider school life and fully support their ethos, values and aims. You must be will to contribute to the evaluation and monitoring of the school curriculum and to have and share a good knowledge and understanding of how to use and adapt a range of teaching and learning strategies.If this sounds like the next step in your career please forward your CV to along with a short covering letter explaining why you would be the perfect fit for the role.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check."	"Bath, Somerset, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS17865474/591737268"	"02/12/2018 13:06:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyF"	NA
"PE Teacher"	""	"Bromsgrove, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Bromsgrove, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Bromsgrove and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS370CE550/590483827"	"02/12/2018 13:06:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlExw"	NA
"PE Teacher"	""	"Kidderminster, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Kidderminster, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Kidderminster and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Kidderminster, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSCE47DE01/590484064"	"02/12/2018 11:13:34"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEe2"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Malvern, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Malvern, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in the Malvern area and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Malvern, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS5811567D/590483724"	"02/12/2018 11:13:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEe1"	NA
"PE Teacher"	""	"Evesham, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Evesham, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Evesham and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Evesham, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS23CD0130/590483854"	"02/12/2018 11:13:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEe0"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Redditch, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Redditch, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Redditch and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Redditch, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSFAEAFE90/590483943"	"02/12/2018 11:13:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEez"	NA
"PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Worcester, Worcestershire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teacher"	"Worcester, Worcestershire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education are excited to be working in partnership with a school in Worcester and are looking to recruit a Qualified PE Teacher who can cater to secondary aged children and young people, including those with additional needs through Sports/PSHE lead workshops.We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can and deliver P.E. lessons, workshops including Sports and Life Skills and extra-curricular sports sessions.The most ideal P.E. Teacher will be/have:*An inspiring and engaging PE Teacher with children and young people *Passionate about promoting mental health and wellbeing and empowering young people to build resilience skills and to make positive choices*Experience working with children in similar settings*Confident in communicating and building rapport with pupils*Experience supporting children with additional needs, including mental health, challenging behaviour and Autism*knowledge and understanding of mental health issues, or a willingness to learn.*Have a positive mindset - full of enthusiasm, up for a challenge and willing to put a lot of effort into their role.*A health-conscious individual who takes care of their own mental and physical health and wellbeingThis is a Full time role to start ASAP for a long term opportunity.Monarch Education has been working with schools across Worcestershire for over 8 years and has built up an excellent reputation for putting our staff first. The schools we work with appreciate the positive relationships we build with our teachers and this is evident when they speak to our staff.We are committed to providing equal opportunities for all candidates as well as adhering to strict Safeguarding procedures. Your application will be subject to 2 educational references and an enhanced DBS check"	"Worcester, Worcestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS7105E75D/590483864"	"02/12/2018 11:13:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEey"	NA
"KS1 Teacher - January Start"	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"KS1 Teacher - January Start"	"London - 48k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This fantastic school is seeking to appoint a Year Group Leader across Year 1, 2 and 3 from January 2019, who will also teach a small class of KS2 students. In the heart of the culturally diverse borough of Brent are seeking an experienced and dynamic teacher to join their Leadership Team from January on a full time and permanent basis. This School aims to inspire and challenge pupils to instil a life-long love of learning through an innovative and creative curriculum. Their outstanding teachers provide pupils with a broad curriculum, which develops critical thinking and enquiry skills and encourages pupils to use their imagination as they explore both the academic and extra-curricular offerings at the school. This position will be integral to the school as it continues to expands. As a middle leader you will have responsibility of leading the 3 year groups and helping to shape the curriculum from Years 1 to 3, as well as having an impact across the wider school. This is a three form entry primary school. The successful candidate will play an important role in developing the KS1 and KS2 team during a period of raising standards and be a pivotal member of the school staff team. Essential Requirements: - Experience within middle management - Be an outstanding practitioner with a PGCE, Bachelor of Education or equivalent - Ability to use your passion and commitment to make a real difference for the children in this school - Have the creativity and drive to support this newly established school as it expands further. In return the school can offer: - A committed and friendly team already achieving excellence in their lower school and aiming for the same as it expands into KS2 - The support of an established KS1/2 team - Children who are well behaved, happy and eager to learn - A commitment to high quality professional development - A supportive and encouraging senior management team. Next Steps: The school are looking to interview candidates ASAP and so are accepting applications from now onwards with the view to interview in the coming weeks. If you feel that you are a strong Key Stage 1 (KS1) or Key Stage 2 (KS2) teacher ready for the next step in your career or looking for a new challenge in a school with an exciting and bright future then send your CV through to Ruby at Reeson Education or call directly to find out more. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36534503/597179651"	"06/12/2018 07:02:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEK"	NA
"Science Teacher needed for January start in Leeds Secondary"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Science Teacher needed for January start in Leeds Secondary"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Here at Teaching Personnel we have a high number of opportunities for 'Good' or 'Outstanding' teachers who are looking for their next long-term role. If you have a passion for Science and want to inspire your students then the talented, enthusiastic and very supportive Science department at my client Secondary school in LEEDS are looking for you!  My Secondary School client in the Leeds area, are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and committed Teacher of Science to join their successful department. This post provides an excellent opportunity for an ambitious teacher who is passionate about Science and has the ability to demonstrate a positive and creative approach in the classroom. The post will provide the successful applicant with the opportunity to teach across the full age and ability range at KS3 and KS4.  This is an exciting prospect to be part of this thriving team, that supports students to achieve their potential up to GCSE. The team work very collaboratively and are always keen to develop their pedagogy and adopt new approaches. This role will be to start as soon as possible. Applications from experienced teachers and from newly qualified teachers are welcome. I am seeking Secondary Science   Teachers who: Have worked in UK secondary schools previouslyTaught 9-1 GCSE ScienceCan adapt to new situations quickly & have the ability to think on your feetHave an upbeat and positive attitude towards the education of young peopleHold QTS, a DBS certificate registered on the Update Service or be willing to get oneWe offer fantastic rates of pay, stable long term work on a part/full time basis across West Yorkshire. Please do not hesitate to get in touch if you would like more information. If this sounds like your next challenge, please call Brian on or forward me a copy of your most recent CV and I will be more than happy to assist. You can also speed up the registration process by going on to the Teaching Personnel website and starting the application. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSEE87ACEA/590130840"	"07/12/2018 09:08:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2nx"	NA
"Maths Teacher- Immediate Start"	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Merton, London"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Teacher- Immediate Start"	"Merton, London - 42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Permanent role teaching Maths Secondary Academy. Start January or sooner. Please call, text, email us at any time. Discussions with you in the evening/weekend if you prefer. Salary stated is approximate but usually this school pays over and above your usual pay scale + bonus + other benefits. Ask for Catherine at Lynx Education. The School says: \"We are looking for an experienced, qualified teacher of Maths to join our strong team of Maths specialists and contribute to raising standards. The successful candidate will be able to teach to Key Stage 3 and 4 and ideally have knowledge or experience at Key Stage 5 \" We are looking for: A well qualified Maths specialist, holding QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree, to teach enthusiastically across all Key StagesA qualified teacher with excellent subject knowledgeA committed practitioner with presence and authority who can deliver consistently good lessonsA hard working and enthusiastic team memberHas held a full UK driver's license for more than 2 yearsUK experience preferred. This Academy Group believes in creating great places to work for teachers, leaders and support staff. They believe there is no better place to grow your career, with outstanding development opportunities, career path, and support from inspirational colleagues across this school's network, and a generous benefits and rewards package. Due to the high number of responses that we receive, we can only respond to the candidates who meet the criteria specified above by our client and we do not retain your details on our data base. We NEVER email your details anywhere without your permission. GOOD Luck in your job search and we hope we can assist you. "	"Merton, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual 00 GBP"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36748000/592832536"	"05/12/2018 12:45:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnBN"	"Graduate"
"Hampshire Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Hampshire Science Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Teacher required in Emsworth - January start or soonerAn opportunity for a Fully Qualified Teacher of Science has arisen in a Hampshire School near to Emsworth. The position is temporary with the view to become permanent for the right candidate. This is a full time position although the school are willing to consider a role share. Applicants should have the ability to teach the Sciences up to a GCSE level across a wide range of mixed ability classes.In its most recent Ofsted, the school retained its \"Good\" status with particular praise for its staffs attention on attainment and focus within all lessons, and their ability to keep students engaged and on task. The school is a Local Education Authority School with students from a range of backgrounds and beliefs. The school consistently provides excellent opportunities within its curriculum, drawing on experiences from previous years and allowing staff to be innovative and creative within their planning and delivery. With strong focus on progress and attainment scores, the school is committed to bridging the gap in its core subjects.The role is within a well resourced department who strive for excellence. With its modern facilities, teachers can deliver lessons that capture pupils attention and allow them to explore science in great depth. The department boasts teachers from varying backgrounds and levels of experience and are encouraged to collaborate to create the best learning environments and lessons for its students.The ideal candidate will be;A fully Qualified Teacher with UK QTS or equivalentPassionate about the SciencesAble to teach Chemistry, Biology and Physics up to GCSE, ideally with specialism in one subjectAble to bring innovative and creative ideas to the roleA positive role model for staff and studentsWilling to work cohesively to plan lessonsAble to provide excellent feedback verbally and written to pupilsTeaching Personnel can offer;Weekly pay on a PAYE basisAccess to discounted CPD to continue to develop your careerGreat exposure to schools in your areaInterview and trial preparationDedicated education consultant specialising in your areaFlexible working hours and conditionsIf you are interested in the role or others we have in Hampshire, please click \"Apply\" to upload your CV, or contact Kate at Teaching Personnel: All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSB6B9853F/599159989"	"07/12/2018 09:10:01"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2pV"	NA
"Year 2 Teacher Croydon"	"663.00 - 41801.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Thornton Heath, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Year 2 Teacher Croydon"	"Thornton Heath, Surrey - 663.00 - 41801.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Primary Croydon Year 2 Teacher Are you looking to for a January start? Are you looking to work with a school which is at the heart of its community? Are you ambitious and ready to make an impact? Academics are working with a school in Croydon that is looking to appoint a new year 2 Primary teacher. Year 2 TeacherJanuary startMinimum 1 year experienceFull timeCroydon2 form entryGood OfstedThis is a great opportunity to work at a school that is at the centre of the Croydon communities needs. The school has earned a great reputation for working for the wider needs of this diverse community. Working with the community and parents the school has struck a great balance which has created a lovely environment where children can thrive. Requirements: At least 1 years teaching experience: so for this role NQTs will not be considered.Preferably teaching experience in year 2 or Key stage 1.Comfortable working with SENA strong knowledge of the UK curriculumeligibility to work in the UKStrong knowledge of phonicsThis school has a great set up with its PPA which is shared out between the year group teachers. They also have a wonderful scheme which gives every teacher a day to plan for the following half term. With these flexible schemes it is no wonder that the school does very well in retaining its staff. These supportive actions allow each teacher to develop themselves and achieve their full potential. The class you would be joining will also have an experienced teaching assistant that will work with the class every morning. The class also has some pupils with some mild SEN requirements so a teacher must be adept in tailoring education to help these pupils. The school have requested that a teacher in this class has a good knowledge of phonics to help with reading and spelling in the class. Interviews will start ASAP so make sure you get your CVs in quick to be considered: Apply through the academics website or send you CV to  If you have any questions then call in on and ask for Adam, Primary- Teacher- QTS- Year 2- Croydon- Experience- Challenge "	"Thornton Heath, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"663.00 - 41801.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36497723/596926377"	"06/12/2018 07:01:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvDG"	NA
"EYFS Lead Teacher - Salisbury"	"GBP"	"Salisbury, Wiltshire"	"Permanent"	"EYFS Lead Teacher - Salisbury"	"Salisbury, Wiltshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description EYFS Lead Teacher for local school in SalisburyInspiring Early Years Practitioner with a good knowledge of the EYFS curriculum is required to start immediately.Are you organised, patient and hardworking with a \"can do\" attitude? Then you are exactly what we are looking for to join a school in Salisbury.Our partnership school focuses on developing the whole-child and encouraging children to aspire to be the best they can be. In EYFS, they focus on developing the children's personal, social and emotional growth and encouraging learning through arts and communication.Your role as an Early Years Lead Teacher will include:Plan and provide effective care, teaching and learning that enables children to progress.Deliver rich learning opportunities and exceptional care that helps young children to develop.Encourage a strong teamwork ethic within your team and support your team.Make accurate and effective use of assessment reflecting the needs, interests and stages of development of the individual children.Safeguard and promote the health, safety and welfare of all children.Work in partnership with colleagues, parents and/or carers or other professionals to meet the individual needs of the children - meeting regularly to discuss progress of childrenFor this position you will need:QTS or Level 3 qualified Early Years EducatorChild workforce DBS on the update serviceTwo references from your two most recent work establishmentsRight to work in the UKIf you are interested in this position, please contact Teaching Personnel for more information or send us your CV and we'll get back to you.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -noticeAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Salisbury, Wiltshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSA0F9BE82/590130973"	"07/12/2018 09:08:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2oG"	NA
"PPA Cover Teacher Nottingham"	"GBP"	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire"	"Permanent"	"PPA Cover Teacher Nottingham"	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description PPA Cover Teacher Wanted for January Start | Nottingham NG6One of our partner schools in the NG6 area of Nottingham have contacted us regarding sourcing a talented teacher to provide PPA support across Key Stage 2. The role is set to start in January and could well roll up until the end of the school year. This a great opportunity if you are seeking a varied role, as it will involve teaching a variety of classes across year 3,4,5 and 6. If this sounds like the ideal role for you, the school are hoping to interview as soon as possible. Shortlisting criteria include:UK QTSMinimum of two years UK teaching experience, ideally including at least a year of KS2 teachingA commitment to inclusion and diversityUp-to-date knowledge of the UK National Curriculum If you think this could be the role for you, please apply within with an up to date CV to be considered for it. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS8FAED61C/599159920"	"07/12/2018 09:08:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2nm"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"GBP"	"Barnet, London"	"Permanent"	"Food Technology Teacher - North London"	"Barnet, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Food Technology Teacher Janaury or ASAP Start! Academics is searching for a Food Technology Teacher required to start ASAP at a secondary school based in North London.The role will be start ASAP or in January 2019What we need from youQualified teacher Status (QTS) or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationBe passionate and energeticNQTs are welcome to applyA valid DBSThe right to work in the UKApply Today! Call Ben Email  "	"Barnet, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS5306E324/599160064"	"06/12/2018 17:06:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glyba"	NA
"Design & Technology Teacher Required in Bristol - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Wiltshire"	"Permanent"	"Design & Technology Teacher Required in Bristol - January 2019"	"Wiltshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Design & Technology Teacher Required Bristol Secondary School - January 2019We are looking for a qualified teacher of Design & Technology to teach Design & Technology at a successful Secondary school in Bristol from January 2019. This is a Full time Design & Technology teaching role as part of a long-term absence. At present the role does not include including planning and marking but this may change at later date. The role is expected to finish in July 2019 and the school welcomes applicants from NQTs as well as more experienced teachers of Design & technology. The timetable predominantly consists of Key Stage 3 classes but there may be the opportunity to teach at Key Stage 4. To be considered for this role you must:*Hold QTS status*Have a thorough and in-depth knowledge of the D&T curriculum across all Key Stages 3 and 4.*Have the ability to work collaboratively within a well-established, supportive and dynamic Technology DepartmentThe school is a large secondary school with just over 1300 pupils on roll and a growing Sixth Form. It gained academy status in January 2015 and they are about to begin the first phase of redevelopment of the school with new buildings being added.This school place a lot of emphasis on relationships between the staff and students alike and offer a high level of support to their staff. You will always be welcomed and inducted to the school by a member of the SLT. You will also benefit from an incredibly well structured support team within which there is always a member of each department and a member of the SLT on call each hour of the day who regularly check in lessons and are available to offer support if required. The department is well established, organised and will offer a high level of support to all of its department members.First impressions count for a lot at this school; they like staff to be punctual and adhere to a smart business attire. You will be expected to embrace their ethos and uphold their high expectations for behaviour.Monarch Education have a very established relationship with the school having previously placed staff into long-time roles within the school. It has a fantastic reputation within our staff who praise it's organisation, high standards and expectations. All applicants are required to provide two educational references, have a face to face interview and have a new DBS disclosure. Monarch Education has been awarded the REC Gold Standard to denote excellence in providing staff to schools. If you would like to be considered for this role, please apply online or email your cv through to Helen Needham on . Alternatively, earn £200 by referring a member of staff to us that would be interested in this role. "	"Wiltshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JSC91C40DC/592977589"	"05/12/2018 17:23:31"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glpj4"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media Studies Teacher - EnfieldEngage Education are recruiting for an enthusiastic, dynamic Media Studies teacher to take up a role in Enfield. This particular secondary school is seeking to secure a Media Studies teacher to join their successful team. This role will start as long-term with the opportunity to go permanent.With a warm and welcoming atmosphere, teachers thrive in the school. All staff joining the school are enrolled in the schools induction program with support tailored to meet individual needs. Staff are given opportunities to develop professionally and where vacancies arise, promote internally based on performance.As an Ofsted rated 'Good' school with a good reputation in the local community, the successful applicants will be joining a hard-working and supportive team.SLT at the school believes that teachers provide students with the tools to fulfil and extend their potential. As such, the school has excellent values which are at the heart of everything they do. The principal is looking to appoint an inspiring and dynamic Media Teacher with high standards.Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We:Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersEngage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Engage Education"	"Engage Education"	"JSAD73853A/586922294"	"02/12/2018 15:44:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlFPq"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"JOB DESCRIPTIONMedia Studies Teacher required for an exceptional school in West London they are looking for a Media teacher to join them in January and to teach across Key Stages 4 and 5. The school has excellent English/Media Faculty and the school is looking for a teacher on a full time basis. This is a great opportunity to work in an outstanding school. The school is keen to meet teachers ASAP, ideally in the next few weeks.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is based in a lovely area in West London and the school was rated as \"Outstanding\" by OFSTED in its last inspection. The school was newly opened in 2006 and has superb facilities in all departments. The school has a very good level of behaviour and the academic standards are very high, and this is reflected in their exam results. They believe students should take responsibility for their learning and their actions. The pupils are encouraged to be challenged in lessons and to understand that learning is not always about getting the right answer.-\"Outstanding\" OFSTED report.-81% + at GCSE level 5 GCSE or more-Fantastic facilities-Established Media Department-Friendly staff and good working environmentREQUIREMENTSApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Media Studies teachers and overseas trained Media Studies teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Gavin at Reeson Education ASAP. "	"London, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS69E94E31/574190883"	"02/12/2018 13:15:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE76"	NA
"Music Specialist/Teacher - North London"	"GBP"	"Islington, London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Music Specialist/Teacher - North London"	"Islington, London - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary School Teacher - Music Teacher - Islington - North LondonAre you the dedicated, personable and progressive Music Specialist the school are looking for?Music Specialist - Music TeacherIslington - London based Primary School - working across two schools.Long - Term Supply or Fixed term contract and potential for permanentMain Pay ScaleUnqualified teachers with Music Specialism welcome to applyStart Date: January 2019The Role: - MUSIC TEACHER/SPECIALISTThe executive Headteacher and staff of these two fantastic central London primary schools would like to welcome a hardworking dedicated music specialist to teach Music across both schools starting this January. Both of these schools are federated, working closely together, they present a wonderful community based ethos and tangible atmosphere of learning.The role calls for a Music teacher/or specialist, whilst you do not need to be a qualified teacher you will need to have proven experience providing music tuition in schools. You will have a full music based timetable drawn across two schools. The school are keen to take somebody on that will provide engaging well planned lessons with a real passion for the subject and a commitment to the students.The schools provide a wide curriculum offer that encourages children to flourish not only academically but also socially and creatively. The pupils at these Primary Schools achieve well, make excellent progress, and show caring attitudes. Because of its great local transport links and excellent facilities the schools have become very popular within the borough of Islington, North London.The successful candidate will be joining a dedicated team of teachers and will be teaming up with a really strong planning partner. "	"Islington, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS63B1255C/592626256"	"02/12/2018 11:12:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeh"	NA
"Lead Science Teacher - Solihull - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Solihull, West Midlands"	"Permanent"	"Lead Science Teacher - Solihull - January 2019"	"Solihull, West Midlands - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Lead Science Teacher - Solihull - January 2019We are looking for an experienced Lead Science teacher who will receive all of the support and commitment that can be offered from a large faculty in a successful 11-18 mixed high school located in the desirable outer suburbs of Solihull. * Lead Science Teacher* Solihull* Permanent contract - January 2019* 'Good' school with outstanding resultsAre you a motivated and ambitious Science teacher looking for a new challenge in a student focussed school? Or are you an exceptional NQT seeking an opportunity to work in a fantastic school? How does working in a school graded 'good' by OFSTED sound? This is an exciting opportunity for an outstanding Science teacher to join and contribute to the success of a committed and enthusiastic Science faculty. This role is designed to focus specifically on our most able students and those who are disadvantaged.The teachers in this school are supported by effective leadership who show determination and vision to maintain the 'consistently good progress' made by students in the school. The school is proud of its consistently outstanding examination results and extensive range of opportunities available for the students.If this sounds like the job for you, don't miss out! Apply now if you think you have what it takes to make a difference!  "	"Solihull, West Midlands, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS2E74CCAA/590808341"	"02/12/2018 11:12:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEd6"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business Studies Teacher for a January start!An Academy School close to Emsworth are looking for a Teacher to join their Business Studies department in the new year. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a successful Multi-Academy Trust with great collaboration across its schools. The Business Studies department is an inventive and fun subject area that continuously creates projects within its curriculum to inspire the students and give them real life experiences. This is an opportunity not to be missed!Innovative business studies ideas should be expressed to the department in order to continue providing outstanding and unique experiences to the pupils. It is essential that you be willing to demonstrate and offer innovative ideas as this school really is looking to inspire its students to be business minded in their futures outside of educationYou will have UK QTS or equivalent and be eligible to teach in the UK. Experience is desirable although NQTs are welcome to apply with excellent subject knowledge.Full time is desirable although part time positions will be considered for the right applicant.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS153B7903/592626638"	"02/12/2018 11:05:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZY"	NA
"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"MFL - French Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description MFL - French Language Teacher - Birmingham- January 2019!Are you looking for a position to start in January 2019?Academics Ltd (one of the top 10 education Agencies nationwide) is supporting a 'good' secondary school in Birmingham with recruiting enthusiastic French teachers. We are looking for qualified & experienced French teachers to fill these positions urgently. This position requires organisation and confidence when working day to day, on a short term basis and long term roles.If you are a graduate who is also looking to get into teaching, this would be a great opportunity to gain some work experience in a mainstream secondary environment. It would also be good to see if teaching is the right career for you. The school itself is well known and would offer great support for new employees when working there. This is a brilliant opportunity to experience a secondary education setting. You will be looking to be teaching French to a KS3 & 4.Job RoleSupervising young people in KS3 & KS4 in the classroomRegistrationsLead French classes when the teacher is not presentResponding to student queries about the work setDealing with any student emergencies (in accordance to the school policy) that may occurDeveloping and encouraging, supporting students' academic learning Job RequirementsReliability and flexibilityExcellent time-managementLeadership skillsValid DBSA French degree or in a relevant subjectQualification (QTS/PGCE) is desirableAvailable to start in January 2019Be able to travel around BirminghamAt least 1 year experience in a UK secondary schoolWe are expecting our staff to work between 3-5 days a week on a competitive rate of salary.All candidates are welcome for this role. It involves varied work which could be very rewarding as you would be working with the younger generation and helping them achieve their very best.This may be your perfect opportunity you.Please send your CV to  OR CALL for an immediate interview! "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS8C1FB541/598252542"	"06/12/2018 07:03:10"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvE2"	"Graduate"
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description RE/RS Teacher required for \"Good\" School in PortsmouthStudents at this school enjoy the community in which they learn. Teaching is of high standards and in their most recent Ofsted report, teaching was noted as strong, and not just in core subjects but across all subjects available to pupils. SLT have a firm and trusting relationship with all staff and encourage their continual development through continuous support and feedback.The school has achieved positive progress scores and this is reflected in growing attainment scores in the School. The School has a distinct ethos and recognises students for their individual strengths and talents. Excellence is aimed for across the school and not just in the curriculum, but in the extra curricular activities and the opportunities that they can access alongside their learning.Applicants are required to;-Be a fully qualified teacher with UK QTS or equivalent. -Be willing to plan and prepare lesson-Give regular feedback to their schools-Support the values and ethos of the schoolApplicants are subject to an enhanced DBS. All qualified teachers are welcome to apply including NQTs and those returning to education. Please send your CV by hitting the \"Apply\" button, or call Kate to discuss on All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Portsmouth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSD30F876E/592977467"	"05/12/2018 12:48:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnCa"	NA
"Primary Supply Teacher (York)"	"£110 - £140 per day"	"York, North Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Primary Supply Teacher (York)"	"York, North Yorkshire - £110 - £140 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Primary School Supply TeacherAre you an experienced primary school teacher fed up with all the paperwork that teaching brings?Are you looking to have a better work/life balance?Would you like to build a wider knowledge of the primary schools in North Yorkshire?Or perhaps you are a newly qualified teacher looking to build your first years experience teaching in a number of primary schools and building knowledge of the UK curriculum?Whether you are an NQT or an experienced primary school teacher, Academics have the solution for you. Academics are on the hunt for reliable, motivated and flexible primary school teachers that are looking to work on a daily/short term basis within primary schools in York!Position: Primary School Supply TeacherStart Date: JanuaryRoles: Day to Day supply, short term and long term supply bookings availableLocation: York and surrounding areasSalary: £110 - £140 per dayAcademics are looking for strong primary school supply teachers who are seeking flexibility in the new academic year. We would love to her from primary teachers who are interested in joining us as supply teachers whether that is working on a day to day, short term or long term basis.Supply teaching would suit both newly qualified and experienced teachers as you will be able to choose the hours and days that you work.Academics offer:- A dedicated consultant who has great relationships with the schools- Great daily rates- Excellent in house CPD opportunities- Access to permanent teaching positions for September 2019- Local schools- Good and Outstanding schoolsPrimary School Supply Teacher Requirements:- QTS- 1 Year UK teaching experience- Knowledge of EYFS, KS1 & KS2 (can be through teacher training placements)- Flexible and motivated primary teachers who are passionate about education- Strong classroom management skills- Flexible & adaptable approach to work- Positive outlook- Innovative & resourceful teaching methodsWhy Supply Teaching?- Excellent work life balance- Flexibility to work as and when you want- Builds classroom experience- Provides permanent opportunities- Variety of schools and children- Great Professional Development"	"York, North Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£110 - £140 per day"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS1BA4E5AC/592626159"	"02/12/2018 11:09:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEcA"	NA
"Secondary Supply Teacher (York)"	"£120 - £160 per day"	"York, North Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Secondary Supply Teacher (York)"	"York, North Yorkshire - £120 - £160 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Secondary School Supply TeacherAre you an experienced primary school teacher fed up with all the paperwork that teaching brings?Are you looking to have a better work/life balance?Would you like to build a wider knowledge of the secondary schools in York and surrounding areas?Or perhaps you are a newly qualified teacher looking to build your first years experience teaching in a number of secondary schools and building knowledge of the UK curriculum?Whether you are an NQT or an experienced primary school teacher, Academics have the solution for you. Academics are on the hunt for reliable, motivated and flexible primary school teachers that are looking to work on a daily/short term basis within primary schools in York!Position: Secondary School Supply TeacherStart Date: JanuaryRoles: Day to Day supply, short term and long term supply bookings availableLocation: YorkSalary: £120 - £160 per dayAcademics are looking for strong primary school supply teachers who are seeking flexibility in the new academic year. We would love to here from primary teachers who are interested in joining us as supply teachers whether that is working on a day to day, short term or long term basis.Supply teaching would suit both newly qualified and experienced teachers as you will be able to choose the hours and days that you work.Academics offer:- A dedicated consultant who has great relationships with the schools- Great daily rates- Excellent in house CPD opportunities- Access to permanent teaching positions for September 2019- Local schools- Good and Outstanding schoolsPrimary School Supply Teacher Requirements:- QTS- 1 Year UK teaching experience- Knowledge of KS3 & KS4 (can be through teacher training placements)- Flexible and motivated primary teachers who are passionate about education- Strong classroom management skills- Flexible & adaptable approach to work- Positive outlook- Innovative & resourceful teaching methodsWhy Supply Teaching?- Excellent work life balance- Flexibility to work as and when you want- Builds classroom experience- Provides permanent opportunities- Variety of schools and children- Great Professional Development"	"York, North Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£120 - £160 per day"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBC3978DE/592626233"	"02/12/2018 11:09:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEb9"	NA
"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater Manchester"	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater Manchester"	"City, Manchester - 100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Key Stage 2 Teacher, Greater ManchesterProspero Teaching is looking for a Key Stage 2 teacher to provide regular supply cover in primary schools in Salford, Trafford and Manchester. You will need to be confident working across a variety of schools throughout KS2 and flexible with location. The schools pre-book teachers for cover where possible and do also call for cover on the day. You are able to select your preferred type of booking, either pre-book, standby or both. This position is open to NQTs and experienced Key Stage 2 teachers. You would need to have experience working in key stage 2 and have a strong understanding of the curriculum for this age group. The ability to build relationships quickly and engage learners is vital. Contract/Position Details:*Location - Greater Manchester*Position - Key Stage 2 Teacher*Type of work - Class teaching, marking, assessment where applicable*Start date - 19th November 2018*Likely Duration - regular supply cover to July 2019*Position end date - July 2019*Contract type - Temporary*Minimum rate of pay - £100 (pay increases in accordance to experience)*Hours - 8:20am-4pm (term time only)Experience, Training and Qualifications:It is essential that you have QTS and experience working in primary schools. You will need to have taught in KS2 either in a permanent or supply cover role, or on teaching placement if you are an NQT. You will also need to have up to date Safeguarding training. You can undertake a free course with Prospero Teaching if you have not completed a Safeguarding course in the last 12 months.To be eligible for any role with Prospero Teaching, you must: *Hold Right to Work in the UK *Hold an enhanced child barred list DBS certificate registered with online update service or be willing to process a new application*Provide two professional child related referencesIf you are a Key Stage 2 Teacher and would like to be considered for this role, please apply with a copy of your up to date CV to or call Georgina on .Prospero Teaching is acting as an employment business/education recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy. The successful candidate will be required to register with Prospero Teaching in order to fill this vacancy.Prospero Teaching is able to offer the successful candidate:*Free, accredited continued professional development courses including safeguarding and behaviour management*In-house Training and Development team"	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"100.00 - 140.00 Annual GBP"	"Prospero Teaching"	"Prospero Teaching"	"JS3561_36505802/596919354"	"07/12/2018 09:04:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kC"	NA
"Design Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Emsworth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Design Technology Teacher"	"Emsworth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Qualified Teacher looking for a Design Technology role? A School in the Emsworth area are looking to appoint a teacher to start ASAP in their Design Technology department. The school is situated within Hampshire and boasts large grounds with excellent facilities across all departments. The school are looking to expand their growing department and are searching for enthusiastic teachers wishing to maker a lasting impression on their school. The role would involve KS3 and elements of KS4 with the head of department looking to grow this subject in popularity with the students at GCSE level. You will deliver creative lessons to capture and inspire the students and motivate them to explore the department the further they move up the school. To apply for this role you must;-Hold UK QTS or equivalent-Be a keen educator, enthusiastic about your subject-Be committed to the development of the schools department-Be an excellent role model for all at the school-Have outstanding subject knowledgeAll pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Emsworth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS025E49CD/592626430"	"02/12/2018 11:12:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeV"	NA
"Year 1 Teacher, Leeds"	"GBP"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Year 1 Teacher, Leeds"	"Leeds - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a Year 1 Teacher looking for a new opportunity in Leeds?Academics Ltd Leeds are currently recruiting a Key Stage 1 Teacher for a 'Good' Primary School in Leeds commencing January 2019. It is initially for 2 terms with an opportunity for a direct contract with the school.This school is committed to providing a high-quality education to ensure that all children are prepared for Secondary School. The school has a community feel with dedicated staff and governors. They are seeking a dedicated, passionate and hardworking Year 1 Teacher to join their team. The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate delivery of excellent teaching and learning. You must have strong classroom management and organisational skills with the ability and dedication to work effectively and contribute positively in a strong team environment. You must have a love for learning and the drive and commitment to raise their already high standards.Suitable candidates must be able to foster strong, positive relationships with children, parents and staff. If you are a passionate Primary Teacher with a recognised Teaching Qualification, please apply today with an up to date copy of your CV or call the Leeds office for a confidential discussion on .  "	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS0FA9862D/598252654"	"07/12/2018 09:09:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2op"	NA
"SEN Science Teacher required for school in North west London"	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"SEN Science Teacher required for school in North west London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 38k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for an Science Teacher to work at an all-boys Faith (within the SEN department) school located in North West London to start in ASAP on a perm basis. Science is an intriguing and fascinating subject. If you have the knowledge and are keen to share this with young people then this teaching role in a popular secondary school will be of great interest. The role itself is will involve teaching Small classes of around ten students. All classrooms are equipped with brand new equipment. You will be required to keep up-to-date with new trends and educational developments in the world of Science which should be used as a basis for your teaching. Your passion, enthusiasm and knowledge of the subject will help you lead the next generation of Science experts. You must demonstrate: QTS or QTLS ideally but unqualified will be consideredExperience of teaching general Science successfully at secondary levelExcellent subject knowledge and a passion for ScienceAble to teach Chemistry, Physics and Biology to KS4Flexibility, resilience and excellent organisational skillsAn ability to be a strong team playerOpen To working with small classes of around 10 students with different SEN needs To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address: or register on-line at . We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of exceptional secondary schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"38k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36504679/596914355"	"06/12/2018 07:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEG"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Poole, Dorset"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Poole, Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced RE Teacher looking for a new career path?Or perhaps you are an NQT looking to kick start your career?Teaching Personnel are looking to recruit and RE Teacher on a long-term basis to start in January 2019. The secondary school we are working with is a mixed comprehensive in the Poole area and they are constantly striving to have increasingly high expectations of all pupils. They would like to appoint an enthusiastic and innovative full time RE Teacher. The department consists of experienced and highly motivated individuals and they are looking for a great addition to this excellent team.The Ideal RE TeacherAble to teach KS3 and KS4 Religious EducationNQT's or FQT'sEnthusiastic and a drive to succeedStrong behaviour management skillsBenefitsExcellent daily pay rates paid weeklyAccess to a dedicated Secondary consultant 24/7 with our on-call serviceAccess to our CPD Academy to contribute to your development.And much more If you are interested in a role like this- please click the apply button below to register your interest!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Poole, Dorset, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC29D6F2A/598339467"	"07/12/2018 09:10:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2qG"	NA
"Media Studies Teacher"	"GBP"	"Warrington"	"Permanent"	"Media Studies Teacher"	"Warrington - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a dedicated and reliable teacher of Media Studies looking for a long term contract in 2019?Are you able to teach BTEC Media to students aged 14 to 19 years old?If so we want to talk you.We are currently looking for an ambitious teacher of Media to cover a maternity leave contract from February 2019 to July 2019 a secondary academy with media college status in St Helens. The School11 to 18 academyA thriving school dedicated to improving the lives of its pupilsState of the art facilities for modern teachingAbundant support for learners with additional needsAll teaching staff received extensive PPA provisions and a first class CPD programme.The perfect Candidate:Must Hold QTS or QTLSRecent experience of teaching Media Studies to children in a secondary school/unit or sixth form collegeFull understanding of the BTEC Media syllabus and assessment for learningMust be able to plan effective lessons to engage pupilsPositive behaviour management strategiesPerks of the role Teaching Media in students who have chosen to study MediaPart of a successful multi academy trustEasily accessible by car or public transportCompetitive pay rates.Maternity leave contract - parity pay from day 1 PAYE or Umbrella pay - whichever you preferEvery teacher we have placed in this school on long term supply to date has been offered a permanent contract! Although this role does not start until the New Year the school wish to see CVs or suitable applicants this week. CVs will be presented to Head of department on Tuesday 4th December at 9am.  Therefore if you are interested in being consideredplease send a CV in blank a Word Document with the following informationFull Name, Location/postcode, contact numbers Post 18 education qualifications - as year to year, University, Qualification achieved.Employment history- most recent first shown as month & year to month and year to account for the last 10 years at least with any gaps explained.CVs submitted after 4th December 2018 will only be considered if they contain the information shown above. For further information please call and speak to Mick or RachaelAll candidates must hold the Right to Work within the UK in a full time post.This role is temporary supply not a permanent position. Academics is an Employment business finding temporary supply roles for qualified teachers and teaching assistants in Northwich, St Helens, Warrington, Wigan and Halton. "	"Warrington, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS3B7CE493/597175450"	"05/12/2018 09:41:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllVi"	NA
"Food Technology teacher needed "	""	"Slough"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Food Technology teacher needed "	"Slough"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Are you a qualified and experienced Food Technology Teacher looking for a new role in Slough? Academics are currently looking to recruit a Food Technology teacher to work in a large Secondary School based in Slough on either a long term or permanent basis. The ideal Teacher must have: Must have QTS and also be an educator with a clear focus on engaging pupils' interest in Food Technology, as well as preparing pupils knowledge and further life skills by being reflective and delivering engaging, fun and academic focused lessons that possess clear differentiation for a range of students. Also have an understanding of good practice for assessments, tracking and monitoring and have the drive and determination to do all that is necessary to raise achievement. Working through Academics we can offer you: * Competitive daily pay rates * A specialist and dedicated consultant who will endeavor to meet your needs * Refer a friend bonus scheme"	"Slough, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36665284/587209469"	"05/12/2018 09:28:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllIW"	NA
"Food Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"Food Technology Teacher"	"Portsmouth, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Fantastic Portsmouth School looking for a Food Technology Teacher- Start Jan '19 or sooner!A School in the Portsmouth area are looking to recruit a full time Teacher of Food Technology. This is a full time role, although part time will be considered for the right candidate. Teachers from all aspects of their career are welcome to apply, including teachers returning to education and NQTs.This school is a thriving, vibrant and energetic school that ensures the very best for all of its students. The school recognises each student as an individual for their talents and strengths and aims to ensure this is reflected in the opportunities provided within the school. They search for excellence in all aspects of their teaching and learning. Retaining its \"Good\" status, the most recent Ofsted report concluded that the schools leadership team has strongly focused on improving teaching and learning which has resulted in rapidly improving outcomes.Applicants must;Have UK QTS or equivalentBe passionate about their subjectBe prepared to plan and resource lessonsTeach KS3 with aspects of KS4Be a role model for all in the schoolThis is an opportunity not to be missed in a great school. To send your CV click \"Apply\" All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Portsmouth, Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS684CF349/592977696"	"04/12/2018 15:27:54"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glbw4"	NA
"Business Studies teacher - Reading - January 2019"	""	"Reading"	"Permanent"	"Business Studies teacher - Reading - January 2019"	"Reading"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a self motivated Business Studies Teacher with the ability to deliver topical and challenging lessons that engage and inspire very able pupils?Business Studies teacher required from January 2019 for a secondary school located in Berkshire. The school is looking for a teacher who can teach Business Studies to a high level.Business Studies Teaching Jobs* Reading (Berkshire)* Maternity Cover - January 2019 start* Fantastic Facilities* NQT's consideredThis is a very popular and successful School requiring a talented Business Studies Teacher.Senior management in the school have been in place for many years, they have clear and concise policies within the school including a simple and effective behaviour policy which ensures teachers are not undermined in their daily task. There is a dynamic and proactive approach as well as commitment to helping all students.The success of the school along with the fantastic support of the leadership team is reflected by the 'Good' judgement awarded by Ofsted. An amazing opportunity for a teacher who wishes to progress their career and work in a highly prominent area. The teachers are supported well by the management and have excellent facilities to enable the highest quality of teaching and learning. You will be joining an environment which is supportive of development.Applications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and experienced Business Studies Teachers will be considered for this position.An excellent opportunity not to be missed, so apply today for immediate interview."	"Reading, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS00409A06/592626386"	"02/12/2018 11:03:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEXq"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher needed in Hertfordshire"	"120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher needed in Hertfordshire"	"Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire - 120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Academics have an exciting role based in Hertfordshire for an A Level Business Studies teacher; this role is full time and will start ASAP. The successful candidate must be able to deliver engaging, fun and academic focused lessons that possess clear differentiation for a range of students. Also have an understanding of good practice for assessments, tracking and monitoring and have the drive and determination to do all that is necessary to raise achievement within this large secondary School based in Hertfordshire. Requirements: Be able to Teach A Level Business Studies Be a fully Qualified Teacher, with a Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) Have the ability to prepare, plan deliver and mark Have strong classroom management skills. Be able to start ASAP If you are interested please let Steph know today call or email "	"Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 160.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36767732/598103333"	"06/12/2018 07:02:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvDv"	NA
"Business studies Teacher- Immediate or January start"	"GBP"	"Enfield, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"Business studies Teacher- Immediate or January start"	"Enfield, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Business studies Teaching job in London, apply today for an immediate or January start.We are looking to appoint a Teacher of Business studies for a highly organised school in North London, if this sounds like you then you need to apply today!This mixed secondary school located with easy transport links. They are looking to appoint an experienced or outstanding Newly Qualified Business studies teacher.* Teacher of Business studies * Outstanding Department* Immediate interview and startWe are seeking a talented individual with a passion of inspiring young minds in the 21st Century then apply today!If you're interested in working for this school you will need to be; * A passionate teacher of Business Studies, with a track record of achieving outstanding results, * Have a passionate belief in the school's mission statement* Be highly organised, ICT literate and have excellent communication and motivational skills to engage young people and be prepared to deliver after school intervention exam preparation and enrichment programmes and contribute to wider school activities.The school also offers an excellent induction programme within a friendly and supportive environment, and they are committed to high quality professional development and continuous improvement in teaching and learning, if you're an exceptional Business studies teacher then this opportunity is not to be missed! Apply now "	"Enfield, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSF470E93F/589782616"	"07/12/2018 07:06:22"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2JF"	NA
"RE Teacher"	"GBP"	"Hillingdon, Middlesex"	"Permanent"	"RE Teacher"	"Hillingdon, Middlesex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Academics are working with an outstanding school based in Hillingdon who are looking for a passionate, enthusiastic teacher of Religious Education. If you truly love your subject and believe you can make a difference in RE we would love to hear from you. The Department provides its members with a supportive and forward-thinking environment. The successful candidate will work towards developing and innovative, dynamic and high achieving setting. As a RE teacher you will be establishing a close working relationship with the Head of department who will act as your mentor. The Humanities department has an outstanding reputation with the school and offers a highly skilled SLT. If you are a talented RE Teacher looking to kick-start an exciting new career move please apply here or contact us directly on or via email:  APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS:You must have the legal right to work in the UKYou must hold QTS or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualificationThis position is subject to an Enhanced DBS Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks"	"Hillingdon, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS0C8360F1/592626610"	"02/12/2018 11:11:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdZ"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher - January 2019 or sooner"	""	"Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher - January 2019 or sooner"	"Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Reed Education Reading are currently working closely with a \"good\" School in West Berkshire to recruit for a Business Studies Teacher to join in January 2019 or sooner if possible.The position in January will be full time for a long term placement with salary paid to scale, on daily rate, paid weekly.The ideal candidate would hold QTS with relevant experience teaching Business Studies to GCSE and A-Level with evidence of success in raising attainment, the role has the addition of some Travel and Tourism lessons on the timetable.Newly Qualified and experienced teachers of Business Studies are warmly welcomed as the position is suitable for an NQT, QTS or experienced unqualified teacher of Business Studies.Their success as a school is built upon a strong foundation of high standards, coupled with a relentless focus on improving the quality of learning, teaching and engagement, to ensure that all students are given every chance of developing the knowledge, skills and attributes to prepare them for their future.They pride themselves on the positive attitudes that students demonstrate daily, the passion that they show for their learning and the respect that they have for others. The network created through their collaboration with parents/carers, primary schools and other partners supports the work of their house system and simply reinforces their belief that 'it takes a village to raise a child'.A culture of praise is something they have created at the school and therefore they invest extensive time in recognising the achievements of every young person. Their strong academic and pastoral systems allow for class teachers and tutors alike to praise young people, whether it be a simple well done, a postcard of congratulations or a phone call home. Annually, formal events are held in the form of Presentation Evening and Key Stage Award Evenings, with all winners invited being captured on the roll of honour boards in their Da Vinci space and included on their 'Celebrate' page of the website.Here are some quotes from the schools most recent Ofsted: \"The leadership team has maintained the good quality of education in the school since the last inspection. You provide strong and determined leadership aimed at ensuring a high-quality education for all pupils, regardless of their ability or circumstances.\"\"Pupils behave well at the school. They are kind and respectful towards each other and their teachers. Pupils wear their uniform with pride and they take good care of their school environment.\"\"Leaders monitor the quality of teaching closely and the effect it has on the progress of pupils. As a result, leaders know the many strengths of the school, including the strong progress made by pupils in English, the humanities subjects and modern foreign languages.\"\"There is a strong culture of vigilance and support to ensure that pupils are kept safe. Staff are knowledgeable about safeguarding procedures and practices because they receive regular training and updates.\" This is an excellent opportunity for any Business Studies Teacher looking to make their mark and truly impact the schools progress inside and outside the classroom. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_36733987/591560684"	"01/12/2018 09:03:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxFc"	NA
"Key Stage 2 Teacher - West Hampstead- January 2019"	"GBP"	"Camden, London"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 2 Teacher - West Hampstead- January 2019"	"Camden, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Key Stage 2 Teacher - Primary School in West Hampstead - January 2019Are you a Key Stage 2 specialist teacher?Do you wish to teach in an outstanding and creative learning environment with a stable senior leadership team?The Primary school is a thriving, friendly school in inner-London with excellent transport links, buses and tubes to Camden Town and Central London (Westminster). An Outstanding Primary School in between West Hampstead and Kilburn High road are searching for an experienced Key Stage 2 Teacher to join them after Christmas. This is a permanent opportunity and there are ample career progression opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. There is flexibility to choose from Year 3 or 5 depending on the suitability of the candidate.This Outstanding Primary school prides offers a nurturing community which supports the children with their emotional and social development, creating an environment which enables them to expect the highest possible standards of academic success.Key Stage 2 Teacher'Outstanding' rated by OfstedJanuary 2019PermanentThree form entry,West Hampstead/KilburnMPS/UPS inner LondonThe Head Teacher allows all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons. The Key Stage 2 teacher appointed will be expected to offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of their teaching assistant in class.This Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their established senior leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. The teacher appointed will be working alongside the other Key Stage 2 teacher. Therefore, planning for lessons will be shared between the Key Stage 2 teachers to combine ideas and reduce work-load.The Key Stage 2 Teacher will be carefully selected and should hold specialist subject interests, intellect and ambition to develop as a teacher. The successful Key Stage 2 teacher will become a part of a warm, welcoming environment, with an enthusiastic, motivated and knowledgeable team.If you would like to apply, please send through your updated CV through ASAP or alternatively contact: Interviews for this school will begin this week! "	"Camden, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSCE66557C/589782818"	"07/12/2018 07:05:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2II"	NA
"Geography NQT/Teacher of Geography"	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses"	"Brent, London"	"Permanent"	"Geography NQT/Teacher of Geography"	"Brent, London - Inner London Salary + Bonuses"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Geography NQT - September 2019 - Brent  The NQT Partnership are working alongside an outstanding mixed secondary academy in the London Borough of Brent who are looking to appoint a Teacher of Geography (NQT) for September 2019 on a permanent basis. An Outstanding Academy Geography NQT/Teacher of Geography M1 Inner London Salary + Bonuses Innovative and Creative Teaching Environment Excellent A Level & GCSE Results for 2018 Excellent CPD & Support on offer For this post, we are looking for a hardworking and self-motivated Geography NQT for September 2019. You will be joining the school's successful Humanities Department and you will be contributing to an innovative teaching approach. The department holds excellent exam results and they are keen to find an exceptional Geography NQT that will uphold their reputation. As a Geography NQT you will be expected to teach up to KS4 and if confident enough there will be opportunities for you to teach A Level. The school is found in Brent, North West London and is a highly diverse Inner City Secondary Academy. With an Outstanding grade by OFSTED, the school has an excellent reputation for delivering high quality results. As a large secondary school and wider group of academies you will receive the very best support and guidance to ensure that you make the best opportunities for growth and development in your career. If you are a Geography NQT seeking your first teaching position for September 2019, then please get in touch with The NQT Partnership today. NB: Interviews will be as and when applications are received "	"Brent, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London Salary + Bonuses"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6816062/589241380"	"02/12/2018 11:11:05"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEdM"	NA
"Computer Science Teacher"	"GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"Computer Science Teacher"	"Ealing, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description TLTP are currently working with an 'Outstanding' Secondary school with a Sixth form based in Ealing that are recruiting for a Computer Science Teacher to join them in January for a Maternity cover. Initially they would be looking for the successful Computer Science Teacher to stay until July however as this is a maternity cover you may be required to stay a longer period of time. As the new Computer Science Teacher your duties will include but will not be limited to the following; You will need to have an in-depth knowledge of the UK national curriculum and be comfortable at delivering lessons to all key stages As the new Computer Science teacher you will be communicating on a regular basis with parents and carers on their child's progress within your classes You must keep an up to date report on all students progression throughout the academic yearYou will be required to use a wide variety of learning resources to help you provide the best lessons possible to all your classes You will be required to undertake appropriate CPD training in line with school and departmental prioritiesThe successful Computer Science Teacher will have the following Qualifications/Experience ;You must have a Computer Science related degree with a relevant teaching qualification ie. PGCE, QTSYou will need to have strong behaviour management You must have a clear understanding of the UK national curriculum You will need a recent Enhanced DBS check which is registered to the Update Service If you are currently looking for a new role and feel this role would be a good fit for you please apply with an up to date CV.Do not forget TLTP's Refer and Earn scheme. For every person you recommend that we place and meet our terms and conditions you will receive a referral bonus of £130 (subject to statutory deductions)."	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"London Teaching Pool Ltd"	"London Teaching Pool Ltd"	"JS36B642CD/591737304"	"01/12/2018 09:04:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxHw"	NA
"SEN KS2 Teacher Required"	"GBP"	"Sevenoaks, Kent"	"Permanent"	"SEN KS2 Teacher Required"	"Sevenoaks, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you pupil focused?Do you want to make a difference?Do you want to work in a well resourced and supportive school?I am currently working with a Secondary SEN provision expanding their team in incorporate Primary SEN. The provision is for KS2 pupils with a primary diagnosis of ASC. You DO NOT need experience in an SEN setting or with ASC. If you are a great teacher with a passion for teaching then the school would like to see you!A progressive school they encourage out of the classroom learning and experiences and staff are given the freedom to develop. Pupils will also benefit from art therapy and counselling. Most teachers at the school have joined from mainstream settings and this post is suitable for those who may wish to develop their ASC practice.Ideal candidates will have:A passion for teaching and learning;The ability to work independently and as a key motivator and inspirational leader for the class team;A commitment to multi-agency workingAble to demonstrate belief in the school culture and ethosFlexible, creative, enthusiastic and energetic.Experience in teaching children and young people with special educational needs would be desirable but is not essential.letter to the details below. If you are interested in working on a supply or a part-time basis then please ensure that this is clearly shown when you send in your CV and cover letter (stating days/number of hours available) All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Sevenoaks, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSB0DFD9AA/596972323"	"07/12/2018 09:09:24"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2ow"	NA
"Business Studies Teacher"	"120 - 140 p/d GBP"	"Runcorn, Cheshire"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies Teacher"	"Runcorn, Cheshire - 120 - 140 p/d GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	" Do you have a background or understanding in/business?  Do you strive to get the best out of your classroom? Are you ready to steer the department to the next level?  The role  We are working on behalf of a school based in the Halton area to appoint the next member of their Business Studies team. Their brand new department who have unrivalled resources for a school of their capacity, require an enthusiastic and energetic Teacher who can take the next generation of students to the next level.  The school  With a huge student body and an ever growing population this academy, in the heart of Halton, specialises in a number of subjects with a powerful emphasis on allowing teachers to develop, create and enhance their own individual styles. The spine of their academic specialisms is supplemented with a variety creative disciplines.  The Candidate  Fully Qualified TeacherExperience Teaching Business StudiesNQT's Welcome to apply!Enthusiasm The Perks  Potential to go permanentGreat rate of payWonderful schoolSupportive FacultyRandstad Education is the UK market leader in education recruitment. We have been helping teachers and support staff to find temporary and permanent education jobs for nearly twenty years. Working with over 2,500 schools each week we can find the right match for your skills. We are proud to support a diverse portfolio of schools and academies within the Greater Manchester area. These schools range in size, catchment, religious background and ethos. We understand that every school and child is different so we carefully match our staff with the schools and children to which they work best. Randstad Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and requires all applicants to share this commitment. All applicants will be subject to an enhanced DBS check. "	"Runcorn, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120 - 140 p/d GBP"	"Randstad Education Limited"	"Randstad Education Limited"	"JS3561_36748132/592833841"	"03/12/2018 13:14:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPHt"	NA
"Primary Supply Teacher - Cardiff"	"£100-£125 per day"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"Primary Supply Teacher - Cardiff"	"Cardiff, Wales - £100-£125 per day"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Vetro Education are working closely with a number of Primary Schools in Cardiff and the surrounding areas who are seeking Enthusiastic Primary School Teachers to work within their schools to provide a high calibre of teaching on a daily basis.Salary: £100-£125 per dayLocation: Newport, Cardiff, CaerphillyHours: Weekdays, Flexible working hours, Ad HocPrimary school teachers have a variety of duties beyond just teaching and lesson planning. It is a varied role that can be incredibly rewarding.Duties:Planning lessonsTeaching a variety of subjects according to the curriculumMarking and assessmentLeading and assisting a class of Key Stage 1 or Key Stage 2 pupilsUsing class resources effectivelyMonitoring the development of individual studentsAssessing skills and knowledge through tests and assignmentsCommunicating with parents, the LEA and administrative staffContributing to school eventsPrimary Teachers are required to be:Well-organizedMotivatedPatientGood communicatorsEnergetic and versatileCreative and interestingYou will be teaching a variety of subjects so you need to be adaptable, intelligent, and able to explain things clearly.Entry Criteria:It is essential to have Qualified Teaching Status (QTS) if you plan to work at an LEA school.There are three main ways of gaining QTS:Postgraduate Certificate in Education (PGCE)Graduate Teacher Programme (GTP)School Centred Initial Teacher Training (SCITT)Benefits Include:Excellent Rates of payNO PAYROLL FEESDedicated Recruitment ConsultantOption to accrue or roll up holiday payQuick RegistrationFlexible working hours to suit your needsLove2Shop vouchers for anyone you recommend "	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£100-£125 per day"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"Vetro Recruitment Ltd"	"JSDF80FE67/591737422"	"01/12/2018 11:15:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz8Y"	"Graduate"
"SEN/SEMH Teacher, Hampshire"	"GBP"	"Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"SEN/SEMH Teacher, Hampshire"	"Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Academics are looking for passionate teachers with experience of teaching pupils with SEN/SEMH either within a mainstream or specialist setting.We work with SEN schools and alternative provisions across Hampshire and the surrounding areas so whether you are looking for short term or long term/permanent work, please get in touch.You will ideally have experience of working with pupils with special educational needs but this is not essential. Many teachers who have personal experiences or just have an interest in working in this type of environment are encouraged to apply. Specialist schools cater for children from early years - post 16 with various needs including social, emotional and mental health difficulties, downs syndrome, autism & aspergers and modern/severe/profound learning difficulties where you will be required to teacher from P levels, up to GCSE's.You MUST:Be a UK Trained teacher or possess QTS.Have recent teaching experience in the UK.Have experience of working in an SEN/SEMH setting Be empathetic and possess a calm mannerBe able to show good behaviour management skills.Be available 3-5 days per weekIdeally live in HampshireBe friendly and open to new challenges.You will be required to undertake an enhanced DBS if you do not have one registered to the DBS Update Services and be able to to provide reference details to cover the past two years.  "	"Hampshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBA9132E9/590808267"	"01/12/2018 11:09:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkzza"	NA
"Full Time English Teacher required"	""	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Full Time English Teacher required"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are currently recruiting for a Fully Qualified English Teacher to work in an SEN School based in Guildford. A new exciting career opportunity open to both mainstream and SEN Teachers who have previous experience of working with Primary and Secondary. The school are looking for a Fully Qualified Teacher to work with both primary and secondary student with a total of up to 8 pupils per class. The school caters for students who have statements of special educational needs and/or Education, Health and Care plans with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health) as their primary identified need, though the majority of students have additional special educational needs such as autistic spectrum conditions, speech, language and communication difficulties, ADHD, opposition defiance, medical conditions and attachment disorders. It will involve working on a 1:1 basis as well as general classroom support with children who have Special Educational Needs therefore, we need candidates who have specific experience of providing 1:1 support for SEN pupils - promoting their overall development. Key Skills:- Excellent communicationOrganisationTeam workingPatiencePositive, enthusiastic worker as well as taking pride in your job role.Enjoys a challengeShould you require any additional information regarding SEN or indeed to apply for one of the positions we have available, please contact your SEN specialist Rachel Dickson on or  All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see faqs for details. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. For details of our privacy policy, please see privacy-notice "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36740780/591760849"	"02/12/2018 09:05:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDvt"	NA
"TLG Reading Classroom Teacher"	"GBP"	"Reading, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"TLG Reading Classroom Teacher"	"Reading, Oxfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Working as part of the TLG centre team in Reading, the Classroom Teacher post provides a unique opportunity to support young people experiencing educational crisis.TLG Reading is a centre for alternative education provision delivering tailored social and educational interventions for young people. Working in partnership with The Gate church, the Classroom Teacher will play an integral role in enabling young people to get their lives back on track, through delivering innovative programmes and working with the Centre Manager to ensure that the education centre achieves success.The role involves leading the planning and delivery of lessons, delivering high quality lessons, leading sessions as timetabled and providing one-to-one support as appropriate to bring excellence to the young people's learning experience. The individual will also act as a link between TLG's students, their families and the church community.We are looking to recruit an individual with a strong and vibrant Christian faith. TLG is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff including volunteers to share this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to undertake a DBS check. Hours: 37.5 (term-time only)Closing Date: 5pm, Monday 7th January 2019Interview Date: Tuesday 14th January 2019 "	"Reading, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Transforming Lives for Good (TLG)"	"Transforming Lives for Good (TLG)"	"JS606778/598785016"	"07/12/2018 09:08:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2oK"	NA
"Full Time English Teacher required"	""	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Full Time English Teacher required"	"Guildford, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are currently recruiting for a Fully Qualified English Teacher to work in an SEN School based in Guildford.A new exciting career opportunity open to both mainstream and SEN Teachers who have previous experience of working with Primary and Secondary. The school are looking for a Fully Qualified Teacher to work with both primary and secondary student with a total of up to 8 pupils per class.The school caters for students who have statements of special educational needs and/or Education, Health and Care plans with SEMH (social, emotional and mental health) as their primary identified need, though the majority of students have additional special educational needs such as autistic spectrum conditions, speech, language and communication difficulties, ADHD, opposition defiance, medical conditions and attachment disorders.It will involve working on a 1:1 basis as well as general classroom support with children who have Special Educational Needs therefore, we need candidates who have specific experience of providing 1:1 support for SEN pupils - promoting their overall development.Key Skills:-Excellent communicationOrganisationTeam workingPatiencePositive, enthusiastic worker as well as taking pride in your job role.Enjoys a challengeAll pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"Guildford, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS7D6ADCD5/591737256"	"01/12/2018 09:03:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxGA"	NA
"Design and Technology Teacher"	"GBP"	"Kingston, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"Design and Technology Teacher"	"Kingston, Sussex - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Design and Technology Teacher needed in Outstanding Academy.The Head Teacher of an Outstanding Secondary Academy seeks a Design and Technology Teacher to join their team from January 2019. This opportunity will initially be a long term temporary post but there may be potential of permanent contract offer to the right candidate.To be considered for this post you will be qualified and experienced to teach various elements of Technology to GCSE level, specialisms in Resistant Materials and Product Design will be favourable. You will set high expectations of yourself and of your pupils. If successful you will benefit from:Pay rates of £130-£160 per dayWorking in an Outstanding schoolSuperb machinery and facilitiesSupportive team and SLTOutstanding CPDPlease apply below if you are interested in post.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Kingston, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS29CFEE1F/599178642"	"07/12/2018 07:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2EX"	NA
"English and Media Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"English and Media Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description English and Media Teacher I am working with a good school based in Lambeth that is looking appoint an English and Media teacher. The position starts January 2019 and is a full time position, 5 days a week. The position would be via the agency to begin with, however, there is a full time permanent role available from September for a suitable candidate.The position will involve teaching both KS3 and KS4 English and Media. The school has a strong English department and they are looking for an English teacher who would be happy to take on a timetable involving 6 media lessons alongside English.The school really appreciates the value of high literacy skills and has excellent facilities in both its library and in classrooms.The English department offers a variety of extracurricular activities including theatre trips, guest poets and authors, a literature festival, poetry slam, debating club and spelling club. If you would like to become part of a vibrant and exciting department then look no further.The school are only considering applications from candidates that have the right to work in the UK, hold a PGCE or equivalent qualification and hold a subject relevant degree.The SchoolThis is a large mixed academy based in the London borough of Lambeth. The school is part of a large academy chain and has the backing of considerable resources, allowing it to provide excellent opportunities for CPD and avenues of progression for staff. The school was recently inspected by Ofsted in December 2017 and continues to maintain a Good rating. This is a solid school with a good academic rating and is well respected in the local community.Company Information:REESON Education is London's premier recruitment agency. Established in 2006 by experienced teachers, education professionals and recruitment specialists, we have built our business and reputation on the cores values of honesty, integrity and excellence. We work exclusively with a number of London's best secondary schools across all areas of London, offer highly competitive rates of pay and an unmatched personal service."	"London, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSB286A1BE/590808310"	"01/12/2018 11:08:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzyO"	NA
"Head of Inititial Teacher Education"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Inititial Teacher Education"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" The Division of Education at London South Bank University's School of Law and Social Sciences is seeking to appoint a permanent Full time Head of Teacher Education (Grade 9) with effect from 23 April 2019. You will have qualified teacher status (QTS), demonstrable experience of Initial Teacher Education and good knowledge of contemporary approaches to learning and teaching and teacher education. Sound knowledge and understanding of the current priorities in teacher education are essential.You will have worked effectively with schools and other educational settings to ensure that all students benefit from high quality placement experiences. Understanding of how to develop and manage quality assurance systems relating to initial teacher education is an essential requirement. You will have experience of working with colleagues on external inspections and reviews. You will have experience of management, including a track record of motivating staff. The role description and competence criteria in respect of this position, and details of how to apply, can be found here. The deadline for applications is 31st January 2019 and interviews are scheduled for the week beginning 11th February 2019. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"London South Bank University"	"London South Bank University"	"JSREQ2469/591758487"	"01/12/2018 11:14:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz7g"	NA
"Day to Day Primary Teacher"	"£120-£150 per day GBP"	"Tower Hamlets, London"	"Permanent"	"Day to Day Primary Teacher"	"Tower Hamlets, London - £120-£150 per day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Day to Day Primary Teacher- East London- Immediate Start Are you looking for a D-2-D teaching role that offers flexibility with when you work?  Do you want to control what days you work?  Do you hold flexibility?  If yes, Academics have the perfect opportunity for you! Day to Day Primary TeacherFlexibility with Years depending on preference£120-£150 per day depending on experienceImmediate Start Academics are currently working with multiple schools across East London that requires qualified teachers on a day to day basis. The successful candidate will work across multiple schools or one daily depending on the preference of working. Academics ensures all schools offer education and training to every staff member.  This is a great opportunity for teachers who are looking to control the days they work. The successful candidate must be friendly, motivated and have a minimum of one years experience in a primary school setting.  To apply for this role you must be eligible to work in the UK and Hold QTS. Day to Day Primary Teacher- East London- Immediate StartAcademics ensures all schools offer education and training. "	"Tower Hamlets, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£120-£150 per day GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS10684D2A/592626193"	"02/12/2018 13:06:18"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEx7"	NA
"Health and Social Care Teacher"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Health and Social Care Teacher"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"JOB DESCRIPTIONHealth and Social Care teacher for an \"outstanding\" all-girls school based in Central London. The school are looking for a Health and Social Care teacher to teach across Key Stages 4 and 5. This position is to start in January 2019. The school has excellent facilities and is very well resourced. The school is happy to consider all good Computing teachers. The school is keen to meet teachers as soon as possible.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is easily accessible to all parts of London, they provide a peaceful and secure environment for rich and stimulating learning experiences. Proud of their distinctive character as a diverse and fully comprehensive girls' school, they value individuality and celebrate the relationships that make them a uniquely positive and supportive school community. They have an unswerving commitment to our inclusive culture and a well-established reputation for providing an education of the highest quality for girls-Good OFSTED report-Exceptional working environment for all its staff and pupils-High academic standards and level of pupil behaviour.-Excellent facilities and resourcesREQUIREMENTSApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Health and Social Care teachers and overseas trained Health and Social Care teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JS57D2F558/590808293"	"01/12/2018 11:16:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz95"	NA
"Art and Design Teacher - January start"	"GBP"	"Kensington, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Art and Design Teacher - January start"	"Kensington, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Calling all Art and design teachers!Are you seeking an opportunity for a January start?If Yes, then apply today as this is an exceptional opportunity for a talented and inspiring Art Teacher.*Art and design teacher, Applications welcome from NQT'S or experienced Teachers*Art Teacher KS3-KS4 *Immediate interview, Apply today.We are looking for a well qualified ambitious Art teacher who is creative and dynamic in the classroom and committed. You must be able to teach across the 11-16 age range and will be working in a well-led faculty with an excellent team of teachers. The school is extremely successful in creating an innovative a flexible curriculum. The care, guidance and support provided by the school at all levels are outstanding. The school maintained its arts tradition and artists residencies and from a strong starting point and enthusiasm and commitment from the teaching staff, the school has continued to build on its arts tradition and taken creativity out of the arts subjects and implemented them across the whole curriculum. The school has a dynamic and settled Art and Design department. This position offers a rare opportunity to join such a successful department and school which offers a rich, flexible and creative curriculum which is highly popular with teachers and students alike. If you are a talented Art and Design Teacher with high expectations, creativity and strong desire to offer quality and engaging lessons working within a popular department with a reputation for excellence look no further as you have just found the perfect role.Submit you CV now for an immediate! "	"Kensington, Lancashire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSCBA8DA61/599160142"	"07/12/2018 09:09:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2pQ"	NA
"Apply Now! Male PE Teacher"	"GBP"	"City Of Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Apply Now! Male PE Teacher"	"City Of Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are seeking a talented Male PE teacher to join this superb high school in London for an January start. If you are seeking an opportunity to teach motivated students then apply today. This really is a superb opportunityl for any Male PE Teacher looking for a teaching job in London.*Male PE Teaching jobs in London, immediate interview*Male PE teaching job*Outstanding DepartmentAre you a Male PE teacher seeking an opportunity to join an excellent school in London. We are seeking a talented teacher of Physical education to teach in a friendly atmosphere where you will be made to feel at home from the word go.You will join an excellent school that is determined to give their pupils every opportunity to make the most of their abilities through a combination of excellent teaching and a supportive learning environment. You will join a school with excellent facilities and resources. "	"City Of Westminster, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS5465E618/591737400"	"02/12/2018 13:07:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEzX"	NA
"Primary Day to Day Supply Teacher Required for Merton"	"GBP"	"Lambeth, London"	"Permanent"	"Primary Day to Day Supply Teacher Required for Merton"	"Lambeth, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced Primary Teacher? Do you hold qualified teacher status? Would you like to work on a flexible basis in the boroughs of Wandsworth and Merton?Due to popular demand I am currently recruiting experienced Primary teachers to work on a supply basis in the boroughs of Merton and Wandsworth. We have regular work in a range of schools in the boroughs across the Key Stages in 'Good' & 'Outstanding' schools.Academics offerGood pay ratesRegular workProactive & friendly consultantsA good range of schools to work inDecember 2018/January 2019EYFS/KS1/KS2Regular work will be offered to reliable, hard working class teachers who can deliver engaging exciting lessons. You will need to have good interpersonal skills and the ability to quickly establish good working relationships with staff and pupils.Registrations will be arranged straight away and we have work across the Primary Key Stages to start straight away. "	"Lambeth, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS8961B464/595190858"	"05/12/2018 12:58:35"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnKo"	NA
"South Leeds School seeks Y6 Teacher"	""	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"South Leeds School seeks Y6 Teacher"	"Leeds"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description This lovely school in Leeds are currently recruiting for a new Key Stage 2 Teacher to start ASAP. The school is high performing and are striving to become even better. The school is currently in the process of changing class structures and therefore are seeking a new Year 6 teacher.The School is a 10 minute drive from Leeds city centre with great transport links and on-site parking for the school. The school has vibrant links with the outside community which provide unique opportunities for their students to take advantage of their location.The school has a focus on looking to the future and building a responsible and respectful next generation. They hope to shape children into responsible, respectful students who know how to uphold positive relationships and are ambitious life long learners.There is strong leadership across the school with the Senior Leadership Team all working to ensure the school's ethos is happy and cohesive. This welcoming environment keeps staff retention high with teachers generally staying at the school for many years as truly valued members of the team.The Leeds school can offer:Vibrant, enthusiastic and high achieving childrenDedicated friendly staffA welcoming environment with strong links to the local communityIn return, the successful candidate will have:UK QTSA good understanding of SEN and EAL SupportProven track-record of good/outstanding evidence of the difference they make for childrenExperience of teaching Year 6 with KS2 SATs experience The school will interview for this position on a rolling basis so please be sure to apply as soon as you are able. All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Leeds, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSA2A2498E/591931021"	"01/12/2018 11:11:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkz25"	NA
"Teacher - Business"	"College support staff pay scale GBP"	"Henley-on-thames, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Teacher - Business"	"Henley-on-thames, Oxfordshire - College support staff pay scale GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"PROFESSIONAL DUTIES (in line with the Sixth Form Colleges Association contract) To carry out your duties under the reasonable direction of the College Principal.  Teaching  planning and preparing learning material for courses and lessons; teaching, according to their educational needs and awarding body requirements, the students assigned to you including the setting and marking and assessment of work to be carried out by the student in college and elsewhere; assessing, recording and reporting on the development, progress and attainment of students in each case having regard to the curriculum for the college; Internal moderation and moderation of assessed work; Ensure the continuous improvement of retention and achievement on learner programmes. Other Activities promoting the general progress and well-being of individual students and of any class or group of students assigned to you; providing guidance and advice to students on educational and social matters and on their further education and future careers, including information about sources of more expert advice on specific questions; making relevant records and reports; making records of and reports on the personal and social needs of students; communicating and consulting with the parents of students; communicating and co-operating with persons or bodies outside the college; participating in meetings arranged for any of the purposes described above; contributing to the College marketing activities; to assist with the recruitment of new students; Adherence to College policies and procedures. GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES    To identify personal and professional staff development needs to meet the College's Strategic and Operational Plan. To ensure continuous professional development (CPD) requirements as specified by the College and that may be identified during College processes, for example Appraisal. To participate in the College Appraisal Scheme. To be responsible for ensuring that the duties and responsibilities detailed in the College Health and Safety Policy are adhered to and carried out. To maintain awareness of the requirements of the College Health and Safety Policy. To read and apply the College Safeguarding procedures and to ensure that the duties and responsibilities detailed in the College Safeguarding Policy are adhered to and carried out. To read the College Single Equality Scheme and to act in accordance with statutory obligations under the equality duties and in compliance with current Equality and Diversity legislation. To ensure adherence to the College Data Protection Policy. To work to the College quality standards and systems within the context of the College quality systems. To undertake such other duties and responsibilities as are appropriate to this level of post. THE PERSON    Essential skills and characteristics  A relevant Degree or equivalent professional qualification Teaching qualification (or working towards a full teaching qualification) Evidence of continuing professional development Teaching experience (or relevant professional work experience) including knowledge and experience of the specified subject area(s) Experience of using a range of differentiated and creative teaching strategies and resources Experience of developing course material Commitment to active and student-centred learning A commitment to raising standards for all learners in order for students to achieve their full potential and overall achieve better than average progress from their starting point Commitment to keeping up-to-date with educational developments affecting the work of the College and the subject/course areas covered by the post Energy, enthusiasm and the ability to communicate effectively with students and staff Well-developed organisational skills The willingness and ability to work collaboratively with a committed team of teachers and support staff Effective ICT skills A commitment to Equal Opportunities and Diversity A commitment to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of students "	"Henley-on-thames, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"College support staff pay scale GBP"	"The Henley College"	"The Henley College"	"JS4513_68436/587652790"	"07/12/2018 09:09:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2oo"	NA
"Teacher in SEN and Behaviour"	"GBP"	"Dorset"	"Permanent"	"Teacher in SEN and Behaviour"	"Dorset - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are currently recruiting motivated and diverse Teachers, Teaching Assistants, and Cover Supervisors to work in our SEN schools in the Dorset region. From Bridport to Bournemouth, our schools all over Dorset cater for any of your teaching requirements or aspirations. There are positions for classroom staff and one to one teaching outside of the classroom if thats what suits you best. As a member of staff in these educational environments you will required to be very engaging and reliable. Work is set by class teachers and supporting teaching assistants will be supporting pupils with tasks set. Successful Candidates will need to be consistently positive and professional in the role which can be challenging at times. Personal Skills, abilities and experience will be used to place you in the most appropriate and suitable school for you.Pay Rates for these positions range from; £9ph for Teaching Assistants, £100 - £130 per day for Teachers & £60 - £80 per day for Cover Supervisors.Working Hours on average start at 08:00-08:30am and finish at 3:30-4:00pm, subject to school and role.Experience working in a school or SEN school IS NOT required. We also think outside the box, so if you have experience in youth work, one to one tutoring, sports coaching, Custodial Service and Residential Care don't hesitate to get in touch. We have Full time, Part time and ad-hoc hours available. Locations, distances and hours of work are found in accordance to your preferences!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Dorset, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSBF8466DE/598091853"	"07/12/2018 07:06:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Il"	NA
"KS1 or KS2 NQT (September 2019 Start)"	"Inner London "	"Hackney, London"	"Permanent"	"KS1 or KS2 NQT (September 2019 Start)"	"Hackney, London - Inner London "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Class Teacher (NQT) - Hackney The NQT Partnership are currently working alongside a fantastic 2 form entry primary school based in the London Borough of Hackney, East London. The Head teacher is looking for a passionate and enthusiastic Class Teacher (NQT) to join the team on a permanent basis from September 2019. An exciting opportunity for a tenacious Class Teacher (NQT) to join a high achieving primary school in the London Borough of Hackney has become available and the Head teacher is keen to meet potential candidates as soon as possible. Are you looking for a supportive inner city primary school where you can develop your teaching skills and make something of your career? Do you have a passion for education and want to make a difference within a deprived area? Do you want to work in a school where children are always put first over anything and everyone is focused on delivering outstanding outcomes? The NQT Partnership is looking for an outstanding Class Teacher (NQT) to join a lovely, 2 form entry primary school in Hackney, East London. As an NQT you will be offered excellent support and be given full creativity to plan lessons that will inspire and enthuse children. The successful NQT that joins will be an enthusiastic and driven and able to deliver exciting lessons with confidence. As an NQT you will be able to create an inclusive education environment where all children have equal access to the curriculum. As an NQT you will be given full support and development from your NQT mentor. Year group is flexible and open to discussion upon interview. The appointed NQT will be offered a permanent contract with the view of starting from July 2019 and be paid over the summer holidays. Class Teacher (NQT) Hackney, East London Permanent Teaching Post M1 - Inner London Salary The NQT Partnership is London's only specialist NQT recruitment service specialising in placing NQTs into their first teaching position. To apply for this exciting Class Teacher (NQT) post in Hackney, East London then please send a copy of your CV/Personal Statement today!  "	"Hackney, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Inner London "	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6813570/586577226"	"02/12/2018 11:10:20"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEcs"	NA
"Science - Supply Work"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Science - Supply Work"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teacher of Science MPS/UPS January 2019 In order to further raise achievement, we are looking to appoint an outstanding practitioner to join our team. The Post: *We are looking for an enthusiastic and committed teacher who is a team player with initiative.*Experience of teaching Science at Post 16 level would be advantageous. *Outstanding subject knowledge across all Sciences is essential. *The successful candidate will need to be a passionate enthusiast for their subject and be determined to raise the standards of teaching, learning and examination performance in Science. *The person appointed should also have proven teaching success at KS3 and 4 (and possibly Post 16), outstanding classroom management skills, have high expectations of pupils, a commitment to quality teaching and be willing to demonstrate initiative and generate ideas in a school where enthusiasm and hard work are valued. *Outstanding NQTs are welcomed to apply. *Above all, we require someone who can exploit the potential of pupils to perform much better at all key stages in Science. *This post is covered by Part 7 of the Immigration Act (2016) and therefore the ability to speak fluent English is an essential requirement of the role. For further details and application pack, please contact Sean Ferris at Aspire People on or or via email Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Disclosure and Barring Checks. "	"Birmingham, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Aspire People Limited"	"Aspire People Limited"	"JS7CDAE2C1/571554531"	"05/12/2018 16:17:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo47"	NA
"Supply Teachers - Coventry & Warwickshire"	"GBP"	"Coventry, Warwickshire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Teachers - Coventry & Warwickshire"	"Coventry, Warwickshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Supply Teacher Coventry & Warwickshire Day to day and long term assignments EYFS, KS1 & KS2 £95 - £155 based on experience Aspire People are recruiting for passionate and enthusiastic supply teacher's for primary schools across Coventry and Warwickshire for day to day and long term assignments. Aspire People are working with various schools in the local area whom we support for day to day and long term assignments for support across EYFS, KS1 & KS2 and we urgently require more staff to support the influx of supply work we get daily. We also offer £250 for any referral's - so if you know someone who would be suitable or who is currently looking for work at the moment we would love to hear from you. Please contact Shaniece Blakemore on for more information Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Disclosure and Barring Checks. "	"Coventry, Warwickshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Aspire People Limited"	"Aspire People Limited"	"JSF73975A4/596972317"	"07/12/2018 09:08:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2np"	NA
"English Teachers - Immediate interview for January"	"GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"English Teachers - Immediate interview for January"	"London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Job Description English Teacher - London - January startAre you a motivated and ambitious English teacher looking for a new challenge in an academic focused school? Or are you an exceptional newly qualified English teacher seeking an opportunity to work in a fantastic school? If the answer is Yes then apply today for this great English teaching job in London.* English Teacher - permanent post*Applications welcome from Experienced or Newly qualified English teachers* Excellent NQT induction programme* Excellent leadership and supportThis is an excellent opportunity for an experienced or Newly Qualified English teacher a friendly English department from January. You will be responsible for teaching across all ages and ability levels. Initially you will be teaching up to and including GCSE but the opportunity of A level teaching is there for a suitably qualified candidate.English is a flagship department with 82% of students achieving A-C at GCSE and 73% A-C at A'level. English has a reputation within the school for high profile teaching so you will be working and developing your skills alongside dynamic and creative teachers within the department.This is a great opportunity for a high calibre English teacher, experienced or NQT (Newly Qualified Teacher), to join a fantastic school that's renowned for its staff results, excellent behaviour and strong leadership.If you are looking for a supportive school with an excellent induction programme and a strong focus on teaching and learning then look no further.What are you waiting for, Apply today? "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSE1F86A64/599160329"	"06/12/2018 17:07:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glybv"	NA
"Year 3&Year 5 Teacher-West Hampstead- Camden-Immediate/Jan 2019"	"663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Year 3&Year 5 Teacher-West Hampstead- Camden-Immediate/Jan 2019"	"London - 663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Year 3/Year 5 Teacher - KS2-Primary School in West Hampstead- Immediate start/January 2019 There is an exciting opportunity at an 'Outstanding', Primary School in the London borough of Camden, to begin as soon as possible, as well as in January 2019. This primary school has excellent transport links, tubes, buses; minutes walk away from West Hampstead stations/Kilburn High Road station and just one bus away from Central London! The Head Teacher of this friendly school are searching for a Year 3 or Year 5, teacher dependent on the suitability of the candidate. There are ample opportunities at this school for TLR and further responsibilities. The Teacher will be appointed on a Long Term/Permanent contract and will be offered plentiful CPD opportunities. This opportunity is suitable for Newly Qualified Teachers (NQT's) and those with more experience (QTS). Inclusion is at the heart of everything they do at this school. They strongly believe that their role is to provide a warm, friendly, safe place for children, no matter what their starting points in life are. At this school, the children develop a love of learning, create long lasting relationships, discover and celebrate their hidden talents, and express their individuality.  Year 3/Year 5 TeacherKey Stage 2 TeacherImmediately/January 2019Long Term/Permanent Contract 3 form entryExperienced TeachersNQTs welcomeRated 'Outstanding schoolLocation: West Hampstead/Kilburn-Borough: Camden TownMPS/UPS inner LondonThis Primary school have been commended by OFSTED for their established senior leadership team and excellent behaviour within the school. Planning for lessons will be shared between the teachers to combine ideas and reduce work-load. The Head Teacher allows all teachers to have creative freedom with their lessons. The successful teacher should offer engaging and forward-thinking lessons with the help of their teaching assistant in class. The ideal teacher will be carefully selected and should hold specialist subject interests, intellect and ambition to develop as a teacher. The Primary school in West Hampstead promises to offer a wide variety of training courses to ensure a continuing advancement in teacher's capability. The successful teacher will become a part of a warm, welcoming environment, with an enthusiastic, motivated and knowledgeable team. If you would like to apply for this position, please submit your CV ASAP. OR, alternatively send an updated version of your CV to:  Interviews will commence shortly for this role. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"663.00 - 48244.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"SERVOCA EDUCATION RESOURCING"	"JS3561_36508121/596906877"	"05/12/2018 14:30:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloAw"	NA
"Business Studies - Immediate Start"	"42k Annual"	"Merton, London"	"Unspecified"	"Business Studies - Immediate Start"	"Merton, London - 42k Annual"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"A Secondary Academy is looking for a Teacher who specialises in Business Studies to start in January or sooner. This is a great opportunity to join a hard-working Business department in a high-achieving successful school. Well managed school Supportive parent body Well established behaviour management policy is applied tirelessly by senior staff who back teachers Good programme of internal and external CPD Opportunities to contribute to a varied programme of Extra-Curricular activities The school will contribute to the Teachers' Pension Scheme The successful Candidate will need to be:  You are a qualified ICT teacher and you have experience teaching ICT and Business Studies up to Key Stage 5  You are flexible, adaptable and have what it takes to succeed teaching in a secondary environment. UK experience preferred. This Academy Group believes in creating great places to work for teachers, leaders and support staff. They believe there is no better place to grow your career, with outstanding development opportunities, career path, and support from inspirational colleagues across this school's network, and a generous benefits and rewards package. "	"Merton, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"42k Annual"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"Lynx Education Ltd"	"JS3561_36748553/592833260"	"02/12/2018 13:02:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEvh"	NA
"1:1 Tutor Stockport"	"GBP"	"Stockport, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"1:1 Tutor Stockport"	"Stockport, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a qualified teacher or experienced tutor looking for flexible work in the Stockport area?Would you like a role that is extremely rewarding, both professionally and financially? I am looking for 1:1 Tutors to support Looked After Children in the Stockport area across a range of core subjects. This tuition may take place in school, at the pupil's home or in a local community setting, and is often for two hours a day, five days a week during school hours. Many of our tutors complete several different assignments per day as the work is both consistent and flexible.RequirementsQTS or extensive tuition experienceChild Only DBS on the update serviceCalm and patient teaching styleDriving licence (preferred)All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Stockport, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1F5A527A/592626218"	"02/12/2018 11:04:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEYo"	NA
"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Recruitment Consultant - Education"	"Birmingham - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Our client are an well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy. They are looking for someone who has excellent industry knowledge and wants to be part of an ambitious education business. This is an incredibly exciting opportunity for established consultants who wants a new challenge!Are you an forward thinking individual with experience within the Education Recruitment sector? Do you want to join a team filled with thriving and exciting people? Do you want to earn a life changing salary?The successful person will have -Self-motivationA diligent and robust recruitment practiseAbility to partner with candidates and clientsAdditionally, you may have experience of -A full 360 experience within recruitmentAbility to grow a cold deskA desire to solution find and forward thinkOur client is offering you -£100k package on offerUncapped earningsPromotional pathways for growth and developmentSupportive leadership team"	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Harrison Sands"	"Harrison Sands"	"JS148DE1FF/581961054"	"07/12/2018 09:08:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2n2"	NA
"Innovation Leader Drama/Performing Arts"	"3.00 Annual GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Innovation Leader Drama/Performing Arts"	"Southwark, London - 3.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a talented, qualified drama teacher who is a highly motivated middle leader and seeking a leadership post within supportive, yet challenging, academy that can offer a future Pathway to senior leadership. As Innovation Leader for Performing Arts/Drama, you will be a passionate practitioner who can lead the Department and help drive Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich towards excellence. Our Innovation Leaders are highly regarded within the academy and specialists within their field, but also hold whole school responsibilities working collaboratively with departments across the academy. At Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich, our Innovation Leaders hold similar responsibilities to a Lead Practitioner so would suit existing Lead Practitioners, or potentially, an aspiring lead practitioner. This is a fantastic opportunity to lead an established and successful department at a thriving academy where you will have excellent opportunities to engage in academy improvement and professional development activities across the wider Harris Federation. The successful applicant will be resilient, creative and a dynamic practitioner, and must hold QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant degree. You will be fully supported through a comprehensive Induction Programme both within and across the Harris Federation. Leaders with the Harris Federation receive a generous benefits package, including performance and loyalty bonus, pension scheme (TPS), Harris wellbeing cash plan and additional Harris benefits. About Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich: Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich opened in September 2009 and is judged Outstanding by Ofsted. Our vision is clear: nothing is impossible and everything is possible, irrespective of personal characteristics or background. Every problem has a solution. We believe we are more robust, resilient and determined as a team than as a group of individuals. We support, challenge and hold each other to account at all levels within the academy to ensure that our students achieve their potential, are motivated, engaged and fully prepared for life beyond our academy. The academy's specialisms are Enterprise and Sport with a 'can-do' ethos of always improving upon your personal best. We have now reached our full capacity of 750 students across Years 7 to 11 and we work in partnership with Harris Federation Post 16. In 2017, we achieved a Progress 8 score of +0.73, which places us in the top 6% of schools nationally. Why work at Harris Boys' Academy East Dulwich? The number seven boys' comprehensive school for student progress, which has been in the top 6% for student progress every year for the past five years Judged 'Outstanding' by Ofsted, we combine the traditional values of discipline, respect and good behaviour with contemporary best practice in teaching, learning and technology A superb group of students, teachers and support staff, led by an exceptionally experienced and supportive leadership team Excellent opportunities for personal and professional development Generous Harris rewards and benefits For a full job description and person specification, please download the Job Pack at our website via the button below.  For more information, or to arrange a visit or a confidential discussion with the Principal, please contact the academy on . Please note: academies may hold interviews as and when applications are received, and this job may be withdrawn at any point without notice. You will still be able to add information until the closing date, but you will not be able to submit your application. With this in mind, you are encouraged to apply as early as possible. Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"3.00 Annual GBP"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"HARRIS BOYS ACADEMY EAST DULWICH"	"JS3573_6822534/599154263"	"07/12/2018 07:06:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2Ix"	NA
"Director of Learning Business"	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"South Croydon, Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Director of Learning Business"	"South Croydon, Surrey - Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"We are seeking an exceptional, experienced and enthusiastic qualified teacher for a senior middle leadership role as Director of Learning (Business). Your opportunity The successful candidate will take responsibility for a strong and successful Business Department, providing vision, leadership and direction, and be a member of the Academy's middle leadership team. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious professional to join our team of committed staff who 'share a common sense of purpose and high expectations of what students can achieve' (Ofsted).  We can offer you the opportunity to advance your career within a supportive academy environment. You will be part of a Federation established in developing practitioners and nurturing excellent future leaders, with unrivalled opportunities for progression; whatever your aspirations as a teacher, middle or senior leader, our Teaching School Alliance provides a range of bespoke courses and qualifications, including our Aspiring Leaders NPQML and NPQSL programmes to help you achieve your ambitions more quickly.  What we are looking for: We look for talented individuals who want to be a part of transforming education in London, and helping create exceptional places of learning. We are looking for: A dynamic and outstanding teacher, holding QTS (or equivalent) and a relevant undergraduate degree The ability to teach the Business curriculum at Key Stages 3, 4 and 5 An ambitious person with high expectations for yourself and your students Please download the job pack for a full job description and person specification. Harris Benefits As part of the Harris Federation, we can offer you a range of benefits, including: Access to a diverse network of phase and subject specialist groups Support and mentoring from some of the best leaders in education A performance and loyalty bonus Pension scheme (TPS) and access to our Harris Wellbeing Cash Plan, covering a range of health and wellbeing benefits The opportunity to work with our amazing students!About Harris Academy Purley Harris Academy Purley is an oversubscribed 11-19 co-educational academy with currently 1050 students on roll, situated on the Croydon/Surrey border. Open since September 2009, we are judged Outstanding by Ofsted, and moved into a state-of-the-art new building in September 2012.  We are a happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat on another with care and respect, combining traditional values of discipline and good manners with contemporary best practice in teaching and technology. The academy's leadership team and staff share an expectation that each and every student who joins Harris Academy Purley achieves his or her \"personal best\". With an emphasis on Enterprise, the academy strives each and every day to create a culture and ethos which promotes curiosity, initiative and leadership in all our young people. Why work at Harris Academy Purley? \"This is an outstanding academy. High quality teaching promotes learning and enjoyment for all students.\" - Ofsted  The opportunity to be part of an oversubscribed, 'Outstanding'-rated academy A superb, modern working environment with state-of-the-art facilities A happy, hard-working and highly ambitious community in which students and staff treat one another with care and respect Generous Harris benefits and rewards package  Harris academies are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All offers of employment are subject to an Enhanced DBS check, and where applicable, a prohibition from teaching check will be completed for all applicants. In line with our commitments to safeguarding, the Harris Federation uses preferred agencies and is unable to work with any agencies where Terms of Business have not been agreed by both parties prior to an engagement. "	"South Croydon, Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Leadership Scale (Outer London) GBP"	"HARRIS ACADEMY PURLEY"	"HARRIS ACADEMY PURLEY"	"JS3573_6818740/592930165"	"03/12/2018 12:09:41"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlOXX"	"Graduate"
"1:1 Tutor: Cheshire"	"GBP"	"Knutsford, Cheshire"	"Permanent"	"1:1 Tutor: Cheshire"	"Knutsford, Cheshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description 1:1 Tutor: Cheshire EastAre you a qualified teacher or experienced tutor looking for flexible work in the Cheshire area?Would you like a role that is extremely rewarding, both professionally and financially? I am looking for 1:1 Tutors to support Looked After Children in the Cheshire area across a range of core subjects. This tuition may take place in school, at the pupil's home or in a local community setting, and is often for two hours a day, five days a week during school hours. Many of our tutors complete several different assignments per day as the work is both consistent and flexible.RequirementsQTS or extensive tuition experienceChild Only DBS on the update serviceCalm and patient teaching styleDriving licence (preferred)If this sounds like the role for you, or you would like further information, please get in touch using the details below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Knutsford, Cheshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS917F7470/592626455"	"02/12/2018 11:04:42"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEYp"	NA
"PE Teachers - Cannock"	"GBP"	"Cannock, Staffordshire"	"Permanent"	"PE Teachers - Cannock"	"Cannock, Staffordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you an experienced or newly qualified PE teacher? Are you available for a long term contract?Academics Ltd are a teacher recruitment Consultancy specialising in Day to Day Supply and Long Term/Permanent Vacancies - we are now looking for experienced and Newly Qualified PE Teachers for schools in the Stafford and Cannock area.We are looking for teachers who are qualified to teach key stage 3, 4 and 5 in PE. You will have a proven track record of good teaching and a strong background in classroom management. You will be able to deliver the curriculum in an enthusiastic way meeting the needs of all your students.You will have strong subject knowledge and you will be able to plan effective lessons that encourage your pupils to get involved and learn.To be considered you must have:QTS or QTLSRelevant degreeClassroom experienceGood behaviour managementIf you are a PE teacher looking for a long term or permanent teaching position please forward your CV now. "	"Cannock, Staffordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBA75AEE0/592626291"	"02/12/2018 13:03:23"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEwK"	NA
"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"Merton, London"	"Permanent"	"Media studies teaching job - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"Merton, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Media studies teaching job - KS3/KS4 - Merton - January 2019 - MPS/UPS.JOB DESCRIPTIONMedia Studies Teacher required for an exceptional school in Merton, South London they are looking for a Media teacher to join them in January and to teach across Key Stages 3 and 4. The school has excellent English/Media Faculty and the school is looking for a teacher on a full time basis. This is a great opportunity to work in an outstanding school. The school is keen to meet teachers ASAP, ideally in the next few weeks.SCHOOL INFORMATIONThe school is based in a lovely area in Merton, South London and the school was rated as \"Outstanding\" by OFSTED in its last inspection. The school was newly opened in 2006 and has superb facilities in all departments. The school has a very good level of behaviour and the academic standards are very high, and this is reflected in their exam results. They believe students should take responsibility for their learning and their actions. The pupils are encouraged to be challenged in lessons and to understand that learning is not always about getting the right answer.\"Outstanding\" OFSTED report.81% + at GCSE level 5 GCSE or moreFantastic facilitiesEstablished Media DepartmentFriendly staff and good working environmentApplications are welcome from teachers at any stage in their career including NQT's and both British trained Media Studies teachers and overseas trained Media Studies teachers will be considered for this position. All applicants should have UK QTS or an overseas formal secondary school teaching qualification. Please send your CV to Thomas on today!REQUIREMENTSAll applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Merton, London, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC7E2F0F1/575216783"	"02/12/2018 13:15:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE78"	NA
"Secondary Reintegration Officer"	"29 - 31 p/h - pro rata GBP"	"Lambeth, London"	"Permanent"	"Secondary Reintegration Officer"	"Lambeth, London - 29 - 31 p/h - pro rata GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"PLT - Park Campus JOB DESCRIPTION - Reintegration Officer  JOB TITLE: Reintegration Officer  RESPONSIBLE TO: Advisory Teacher  GRADE: SO1 (spine point 29 - 31) pro rata HOURS 8:30 - 16:00 (35 hours per week) term time only Main purpose of the job: Responsible to and under the direction of the advisory teacher of the Park Campus Outreach Services, for supporting: Primary, secondary and transfer students, Secondary aged students at Park Campus for reintegrating to mainstream Delivering early interventions to prevent both fixed term and permanent exclusions in schools across the borough by the use of attainment and other evaluative data. Main Responsibilities and Duties: Support the creation of a clear and ambitious vision for the academic achievement of students to raise student aspiration. To observe and provide in-class and withdrawal behaviour support to students within a school setting or at the Park Campus, including those with SEBD and SEN. To be responsible for devising and establishing individual behaviour plans, before and during support programme and creating working strategies to be continued by the school. Attend and provide relevant student information for MAM, child protection, child in need meetings and other appropriate professionals meetings as may be required. To maintain regular contact with families/carers of students receiving support, to encourage positive family involvement in the students learning and to provide parental support. To accompany relevant staff members on home visits where necessary, having due regard to health and safety guidelines. To facilitate family conferences or parenting groups when needed. To develop and deliver CPD and specialist training for staff and students on a range of topics, eg sexual health, behaviour management, circle time and principles of nurture. Contributing towards the planning and monitoring, evaluation and record keeping of individual education plans, P.S.Ps and reintegration plans for specified students using Outreach Manager. To liaise with various agencies when appropriate for students' benefit. Writing reports for Statutory Assessments and reports for other agencies when required. To facilitate the sharing of information between local agencies, schools and authorities. To maintain regular contact with families/carers of students receiving support to encourage positive family involvement in the student's learning. To build up a full knowledge of the range of support available for students. To be responsible for the planning and implementation of social skills, self-esteem, restorative justice, peer mediation and behaviour management study groups. When appropriate, support secondary transition placements in conjunction with the primary provider. To devise, maintain and monitor individual resources to enhance specified student's behaviour. To ensure we keep up with relevant education developments. To manage own caseload, use initiative and work autonomously. Use of ICT and data to support interventions and casework. To carry out such duties as maybe required from time to time, meeting the needs of the Park Campus. To have due regard for safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and to follow all associated Child Protection and Safeguarding policies as adopted by Park Campus and the Local Authority. To have due regard for safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and to follow all associated Child Protection and Safeguarding policies as adopted by Park Campus. To deputise for the advisory teacher in their absence. PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITIES  To carry out the duties and responsibilities of the post, in accordance with PLT's Health and Safety Policy and relevant Health and Safety guidance and legislation  To promote the safeguarding of children  To use information technology systems as required to carry out the duties of the post in the most efficient and effective manner  To participate in performance management, and undertake training and professional development as appropriate  To undertake other duties appropriate to the post that may reasonably be required by the senior management team on any of the PRU sites. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. This post is subject to an enhanced DBS check. "	"Lambeth, London, UK"	"Healthcare, Education"	NA	"29 - 31 p/h - pro rata GBP"	"PARALLEL LEARNING TRUST"	"PARALLEL LEARNING TRUST"	"JS3573_6809068/572453693"	"02/12/2018 11:06:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEaC"	NA
"Support Workers"	"GBP"	"Norfolk"	"Permanent"	"Support Workers"	"Norfolk - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	" Experienced Support Workers needed for day to day, medium and longer term placements.Teach Ltd is a local specialist Teacher and Support Staff supply agency. We always want to welcome local Support Staff to join our friendly team. Please get in touch if you are available - we are looking for both full and part time teachers to join us. We offer great rates of pay, a supportive team behind you, free certified training courses and the opportunity to try working at a variety of local schools. Please get in touch anytime - call the office on or email us at  We look forward to hearing from you."	"Norfolk, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teach Norfolk"	"Teach Norfolk"	"JS6295_329918375/597370301"	"07/12/2018 09:09:39"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o6"	NA
"English/Maths/Science Graduate TAs - Hammersmith & Fulham!"	"GBP"	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London"	"Permanent"	"English/Maths/Science Graduate TAs - Hammersmith & Fulham!"	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description  Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistants - \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form  - Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham - Immediate Starts - Opportunity to complete teacher training - NO FEES! I am currently working with an Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham who wish to appoint strong Maths/English/Science Graduates for Teaching Assistant positions. These positions are available immediately and the opportunity to train to become fully qualified Maths/English/Science Teachers is available!* Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant*Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form *Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham - Excellent public transport links*Competitive rates of pay *Opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher - NO FEES! Keen to kick start your career in teaching in an \"Outstanding\" Secondary School?Passionate about your subject and driven to instil a passion for learning in your students?If you answered yes to the above, then I want to hear from you today!The school has state of the art facilities and resources to aid teaching and learning. You will be joining a team of highly experienced teachers and support staff, who are committed to delivering an outstanding education and opportunity for each and every student to go to university. As a Graduate Teaching Assistant you will support the classroom teacher with all relevant classroom duties. You will provide students with one to one support and small group intervention in the build up to the examination period. You must have a very positive and confident approach and strong subject knowledge. You will have the personality to inspire students and encourage them to achieve their highest academic potential.In return, the school offers you the chance to train to become a fully qualified teacher in a supportive environment, with an excellent Continued Professional Development programme post qualification. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please submit your CV without delay! "	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSA83F474C/575216758"	"05/12/2018 14:19:58"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln42"	"Graduate"
"Part time Science teaching vacancy in Leyland School!"	"GBP"	"Leyland, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Part time Science teaching vacancy in Leyland School!"	"Leyland, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description I am working alongside a secondary school in Leyland who are looking for a Science Teacher to work 2 days a week to support the Head of Department with the curriculum. This is a very niche position and an exciting opportunity for an incoming Science Teacher who is looking to take the next steps in their career, or someone who has previous experience of a senior role within the Science department.The role involves minimal teaching and more time spent devising the curriculum with the Head of Department. It is a part-time position and the school can be flexible on working days, but ideally not a Monday - everyone's dream!The school is located in Leyland with excellent surrounding public transport links and on site parking facilities. It is an Ofsted judged 'Good' school with approx. 750 students on roll. Behaviour of the students is also good.The rate of pay will be between £120 - £140 per day (dependant on experience). The role is to start ASAP or from January and is for a term, at least.With no full on classroom pressure, minimal teaching and marking and the opportunity to enhance your CV, if you are interested in this position please call Hayley ASAP.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Leyland, Lancashire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS4F19D743/586922104"	"05/12/2018 14:17:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln3U"	NA
"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"GBP"	"New Milton, Hampshire"	"Permanent"	"SEMH Head of Science - New Milton"	"New Milton, Hampshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Teaching Personnel are working closely with a SEMH Provision in the New Milton area in order to provide a committed and enthusiastic Teacher of Science for a permanent role, starting in January 2019.The SchoolThe school is a 7-16 Academy which provides a safe and supportive environment for young people aged between 7 and 16 who are trying to overcome their emotional and medical barriers to learning. Sometimes, these barriers generate behavioural challenges that also result in them struggling to succeed in a mainstream school.The TeacherThe school require a Fully Qualified Teacher, specialising in Science, ideally they will have some Alternative Provision/Special School experience and have experience in running their own department. Due to the nature of the role, the Teacher will excellent behavioural management skills and/or experience.The RoleTo be accountable for leading, managing and developing Science within the school;To be accountable for student progress so that each individual student achieves their optimum level across all science disciplines and ensuring that effective strategies are in place to further raise standards of student attainment and achievement;To ensure the provision of an appropriately broad, balanced, relevant and differentiated curriculum for students studying within the department, in accordance with the aims of the school and the curricular policies determined by the Governing Body and the Headteacher;To ensure the effective management and deployment of teaching/support staff, financial and physical resources within the department;To ensure the development and enhancement of the teaching practice of others;To ensure that Health and Safety procedures are adhered to at all times by all members of the department;To play a full part in the life of the school community, to support its distinctive vision and ethos and to encourage and ensure staff and students follow this example.If you would be interested in finding out more about the role, or to apply for immediate consideration, please do not hesitate to contact me on the number below.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"New Milton, Hampshire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS59E4E8A8/582371618"	"07/12/2018 09:16:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2vs"	NA
"Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistants - Hounslow!"	"GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistants - Hounslow!"	"Hounslow, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description  Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions - \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hounslow - Immediate starts available! Opportunity to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct - NO FEES!I am currently working with an Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School in the Borough of Hounslow who wish to recruit strong Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistants for immediate starts! Applicants must have a strong subject knowledge and confident approach as the role involves working with very able A-Level students. Candidates who excel in the role will have the opportunity after 1 year to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct!* Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions* Outstanding Secondary School in the Borough of Hounslow* Competitive rates of pay * Immediate start available!* Opportunity to complete Schools Direct Teacher TrainingEager to kick start your career in teaching in an Outstanding school?Consider yourself a top academic with a personality to inspire students?If you answered yes to the above I want to hear from you today!This is a top performing school where students receive an outstanding education. The environment is supportive yet challenging, allowing students to flourish and reach their full academic potential. Students can choose from an extensive range of subjects and are encouraged to partake in an abundance of extra-curricular activities. You will be joining an experienced teaching and support staff who are experts in their subjects and passionate about nurturing and developing their students towards successful future careers. As a Maths/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant, you will support the class teacher with all relevant classroom duties. You will be providing students with one to one support and also work with small groups in the build up to the examination period. You must have a very positive and confident approach and strong subject knowledge as you will be working with very able A-Level students. You will have the personality to inspire students and encourage them to achieve their highest potential. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please email your CV to me without delay!  "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS81F7D593/584011086"	"05/12/2018 16:19:29"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo6U"	"Graduate"
"English/Maths/Science Graduate TAs - Borough of Hounslow!"	"GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Permanent"	"English/Maths/Science Graduate TAs - Borough of Hounslow!"	"Hounslow, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description  Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions - \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hounslow - Immediate starts available! Opportunity to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct - NO FEES!I am currently working with an Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School & 6th Form in the Borough of Hounslow who wish to recruit strong Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistants for immediate starts! Applicants must have a strong subject knowledge and confident approach as the role involves working with very able A-Level students. Candidates who excel in the role will have the opportunity after 1 year to become a fully Qualified Teacher through Schools Direct!* Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant positions* Outstanding Secondary School in the Borough of Hounslow* Competitive rates of pay * Immediate start available!* Opportunity to complete Schools Direct Teacher TrainingEager to kick start your career in teaching in an Outstanding school?Consider yourself a top academic with a personality to inspire students?If you answered yes to the above I want to hear from you today!This is a top performing school where students receive an outstanding education. The environment is supportive yet challenging, allowing students to flourish and reach their full academic potential. Students can choose from an extensive range of subjects and are encouraged to partake in an abundance of extra-curricular activities. You will be joining an experienced teaching and support staff who are experts in their subjects and passionate about nurturing and developing their students towards successful future careers. As a Maths/Science/English Graduate Teaching Assistant, you will support the class teacher with all relevant classroom duties. You will be providing students with one to one support and also work with small groups in the build up to the examination period. You must have a very positive and confident approach and strong subject knowledge as you will be working with very able A-Level students. You will have the personality to inspire students and encourage them to achieve their highest potential. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please email your CV to me without delay!  "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS1BFDF17E/575216892"	"05/12/2018 16:17:12"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo46"	"Graduate"
"Experienced TA or HLTA req for All-boys school in Nw London"	"25k Annual 00 GBP"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire"	"Unspecified"	"Experienced TA or HLTA req for All-boys school in Nw London"	"Barnet, Hertfordshire - 25k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"- Teaching Assistants Needed - All boys Secondary Faith School based within the SEN Department - North West London - ASAP Start We are currently looking for Experienced Teaching Assistants, HLTA or Newly Qualified Teacher who are open to support work to work within All-boys secondary Faith School located in North West London. This is for an ASAP start and is on a full time perm basis. We are ideally looking for proactive and enthusiastic candidates with a real drive to make a difference. The role  If you have a love for working with young students and truly desire to make a difference to their learning experience, supporting them to achieve their goals and ultimate desires, enabling them to move on to a prosperous future, this role is perfect for you. You must be an experienced Teaching Assistant with strong literacy and numeracy knowledge. To be considered a real asset to the school, you must demonstrate: Experience of working with Special Educational Needs or open to gaining experience in SENIdeally HLTA or very experiencedConfidently able to provide 1:1 and small group support workA genuine passion for education and supporting the development of othersStrong interpersonal skillsGreat organisational skills with a friendly and professional manorThe school The School is an exciting place to work and learn as they take seriously the fact that their children and young people only get one chance at an excellent education. To this end they strive to ensure that everyone in the School community is able to take advantage of the best available facilities and opportunities during their time with them. They aim to equip their children and young people with the skills necessary for life in an ever-changing, highly technological world whether it be their intention to progress through their sixth form and on to university or into employment. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to Joe Inglis or give him a call on  We are currently working with numerous vacancies so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education partners with a number of SEN schools across London and the Home Counties to offer you the latest and best selection of educational positions. "	"Barnet, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"25k Annual 00 GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36527868/596908232"	"05/12/2018 12:42:36"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnAT"	NA
"SUPPLY TEACHING - GUARANTEED PAY AND FREE CPD"	""	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SUPPLY TEACHING - GUARANTEED PAY AND FREE CPD"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Daily Supply Teachers Daily and Long-Term Primary KS1/2 Supply Teachers are required for work between 1-5 days ASAP, regular work available until end of July 2019. Empowering Learning is a Teacher training and placement consultancy based in London currently looking for teachers to work in our schools across North West London. Are you a qualified primary teacher looking to work between 1-5 days per week and would like the flexibility to choose the days you want to work? Empowering Learning are working closely with various schools that require fully qualified teachers to support their day to day and short-term needs covering sickness, schools trips, PPA time etc. By working with the Empowering Learning team you will have: - Guaranteed pay- Free CPD- Regular opportunities to work in a variety of schools in North West London. Our priority is to offer you regular work within a 60 minutes commute. However, on average our teachers' journeys are less than 30 minutes. - A dedicated consultant who attends to all business needs- Advance bookings keeping you pre-booked for short term and daily cover- Optional trial days and opportunities to find permanent work To be successful in your application you must possess the following: QTS or equivalentUp to date knowledge of the National CurriculumPrevious experience of working in a mainstream schoolStrong communication skills and behaviour management skillsA passion for education and working with childrenNQTs are welcome to applyIf you meet the criteria above, register now with your up to date CV and I will be in touch with a follow up call ASAP so please Apply now. Empowering Learning is a teacher training and placement consultancy who specialise in the training and placement of both overseas and UK trained teachers. We have ex Ofsted Inspectors, QTS Specialists and ex Leadership Teachers working in the office to support all our staff throughout their journey. We are also in partnership with Sunderland University who provide support and guidance before granting successful trainees with QTS. In addition to the above we also supply day to day, short term and long-term cover as well as permanent staffing and are currently working with multiple primary schools across London recruiting for day/day and long-term supply teachers.  Empowering Learning Ltd is a committed Equal Opportunities Employer and therefore will not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, ethnicity, disability or sexual orientation. Please note that successful applicants will be asked to apply for an enhanced DBS check via the Disclosure and Barring Service  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36736358/591561092"	"02/12/2018 09:04:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlDu8"	NA
"NQT Opportunity"	"GBP"	"Wandsworth, London"	"Permanent"	"NQT Opportunity"	"Wandsworth, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description NQT OpportunityWe are working with a successful primary school in Wandsworth that is looking to appoint a talented newly qualified teacher to join the school's strong and committed team from January 2019. Interested candidates in this NQT Opportunity will be:. Motivational. Positive. Inspiring. Visionary. AmbitiousIn return, this primary school can offer you:. An excellent and unrivalled NQT opportunity and CPD package. Continuing CPD beyond your NQT year . The possibility of a paid induction programme following the completion of your studies in July 2019. Inquisitive, enthusiastic and well behaved children who are eager to learn. Genuine opportunities for career progression. An extremely friendly and supportive staff team. The opportunity to make a significant difference in many aspects of the wider school life "	"Wandsworth, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Reeson Education"	"Reeson Education"	"JSF3FEE472/590808386"	"01/12/2018 09:04:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxIE"	NA
"Autism Learning Support Assistant"	"GBP"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Autism Learning Support Assistant"	"Scarborough, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description ScarboroughAs a Learning Support Assistant, your role will involve providing education to children and young people with Autism, Asperger's Syndrome and associated difficulties, the role of Learning Support Assistant focuses on developing independent life skills through individually designed programmes.Your duties would include:Supporting the class teacher/tutor in order to ensure the delivery of a high quality education for all studentsProviding relevant support and appropriate support to students, on an individual or group basis, in order to enable them to access the curriculum as independently as possible.Working collaboratively with the class teacher to adequately plan to ensure the safety of students, in line with risk assessments, while both on and off site.Working with and manage challenging behaviourKey Skills RequiredExperience of working with autistic spectrum disorders and/or challenging behaviour's.Experience of work within an education/residential setting.Ability to work as part of a team or independently.Clear and concise written and verbal communicationIf you are a dynamic, adaptable and compassionate individual looking for a career as a Learning Support Assistant, please apply immediately.All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"Scarborough, Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSECD68FAD/599178848"	"07/12/2018 07:06:25"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2JK"	NA
"Year group Leader - January start"	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Year group Leader - January start"	"London - 48k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"This fantastic school is seeking to appoint a Year Group Leader across Year 1, 2 and 3 from January 2019, who will also teach a small class of KS2 students. In the heart of the culturally diverse borough of Brent are seeking an experienced and dynamic teacher to join their Leadership Team from January on a full time and permanent basis. This School aims to inspire and challenge pupils to instil a life-long love of learning through an innovative and creative curriculum. Their outstanding teachers provide pupils with a broad curriculum, which develops critical thinking and enquiry skills and encourages pupils to use their imagination as they explore both the academic and extra-curricular offerings at the school. This position will be integral to the school as it continues to expands. As a middle leader you will have responsibility of leading the 3 year groups and helping to shape the curriculum from Years 1 to 3, as well as having an impact across the wider school. This is a three form entry primary school. The successful candidate will play an important role in developing the KS1 and KS2 team during a period of raising standards and be a pivotal member of the school staff team. Essential Requirements: - Experience within middle management - Be an outstanding practitioner with a PGCE, Bachelor of Education or equivalent - Ability to use your passion and commitment to make a real difference for the children in this school - Have the creativity and drive to support this newly established school as it expands further. In return the school can offer: - A committed and friendly team already achieving excellence in their lower school and aiming for the same as it expands into KS2 - The support of an established KS1/2 team - Children who are well behaved, happy and eager to learn - A commitment to high quality professional development - A supportive and encouraging senior management team. Next Steps: The school are looking to interview candidates ASAP and so are accepting applications from now onwards with the view to interview in the coming weeks. If you feel that you are a strong Key Stage 1 (KS1) or Key Stage 2 (KS2) teacher ready for the next step in your career or looking for a new challenge in a school with an exciting and bright future then send your CV through to Ruby at Reeson Education or call directly to find out more. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"48k Annual 00 GBP"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36534506/597179940"	"06/12/2018 07:04:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvG1"	NA
"Head of Media - Permanent - Bexley - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Bexley, London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Media - Permanent - Bexley - January 2019"	"Bexley, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Head of Media - Permanent - Bexley - January 2019 (Still Available)Head of Media - January 2019Permanent Key stages 3 - 5A good school (Ofsted)Salary: £28,660 - £47,298 + TLRAre you a dedicated and reliable Media Teacher? Are you able to teach Media confidently to KS5? Are you looking for a Head of Department post? A good secondary school in Bexley are looking for a Head of Media for January 2019. This role is excellent for those who have had experience as a 2nd in charge of department or a key stage coordinator looking to progress into a middle leadership role.This will be a permanent contract; interviews are being arranged as suitable applicants apply to this post. You can be offered great resources, outer London pay, a Head of Department TLR, and a supportive team. They are looking for an experienced Media teacher with confident subject knowledge up to KS5 level looking to progress or a current Head of Media looking to work in a good school. About the School:Good Ofsted rating in most recent inspectionsWell run school with strong leadership in placeCulturally diverse and vibrant student bodyExcellent technology and facilitiesWide range of extracurricular activitiesSchool is easily accessible by public transportAbout the Role:Permanent role starting in January 2019HoD role in BexleyGood team ethos within the departmentExcellent NQT supportOuter London PayTo be eligible you must: *Be a qualified teacher (ideally PGCE with QTS)*Have UK teaching experience*Excellent knowledge in Media (Up to KS5)*Must hold relevant degree (2.2 and above)*Experience as 2ic or key stage coordinator is desirable*Must have consistent behaviour management*Be a UK resident or be eligible to work in the UK*Hold a current and up to date DBS disclosure (or be willing to apply for one)*Encourage students to reach their full potentialApply with your most up to date CV or call for more information.  "	"Bexley, London, UK"	"Media"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JS4FA42E83/590131008"	"05/12/2018 16:16:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo4i"	NA
"Art Teaching Assistant -SEN School - North West London"	""	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Art Teaching Assistant -SEN School - North West London"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Art Teaching Assistant -Mainstream Secondary School - West London Immediate Start We are looking for an art teaching assistant to work at an SEN school based in North West London. The role You will responsible for helping out in the art department, setting up equipment, assisting the pupils and teacher within lesson time, cleaning and tidying up. You will be expected to have at least 6 months experience within a classroom setting, as an Art and Design Technician. The ideal candidate To be considered a real asset to the school, you must be: Experience in Art and DesignExperienced in TextilesKnowledge and understanding of Design and TechnologyGenuine passion in educationStrong interpersonal skillsFriendly and professional manorThe school This is an SEN School which is located in North West London situation by a mainline tube station, an over ground station there are also bus services to the school. The School is a high achieving SEN School where they ensure that every students needs are being meet through its dynamic curriculum. They pride themselves on equal opportunity and support both students and staff members alike. The school are keen to interview successful candidates this week with a view to start ASAP. If you are keen to apply for this post, please send your CV directly to Jessica at ASQ through this advertisement OR call and ask to speak with her on  ASQ Education As a specialist recruitment agency in the education sector, ASQ Education is perfectly placed to provide a more personal, tailored and professional level of service to all our clients. Candidates benefit from liaising with the same point of contact, which means that you have a dedicated education consultant throughout the recruitment process. This allows us to establish previous working history, as well as long term goals and interests. We have partnerships with a large range of schools and PRU's and provide a personal service where we listen to what you want so that we can endeavour to match each teaching assistant with the school which is most suited to them and pay you well for your hard work. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36450247/587177821"	"05/12/2018 10:53:53"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlmMl"	NA
"CURRICULUM LEADER FOR BUSINESS STUDIES"	"£23,718-£40,738 "	"Haywards Heath, Sussex"	"Permanent"	"CURRICULUM LEADER FOR BUSINESS STUDIES"	"Haywards Heath, Sussex - £23,718-£40,738 "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Curriculum Leader for Business Studies - Full Time, Permanent TLR2c  Required for Easter or September 2019, Pay scale: £23,718-£40,738 WP1-9 (Teachers Main Payscale equivalent), plus £6,645 TLR2c. Applications from NQT's are welcome. Warden Park Academy Trustees are seeking an innovative and enthusiastic teacher of Business Studies to join our team in January 2019. The successful candidate will join a strong department who are well resourced and have a focus on staff development and training.  The successful candidate will: be an enthusiastic practitioner of Business Studies; have outstanding interpersonal skills; be relentless in their commitment to the success of all those that they teach; be a team player who thrives on working collaboratively with colleagues. Warden Park is at an exciting phase of development to become 'World Class'. We are known for our innovative approach and we value CPD very highly.  Warden Park Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and to the equality of opportunity and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All applicants will be subject to a full Disclosure and Barring Service check before appointment is confirmed  along with other relevant employment checks.   Please note: We advise applying promptly for this post as we reserve the right to close and interview early if sufficient suitable applications have been received.  Closing Date: 10.00am Friday 7 th December 2018  Interview Date: As soon as possible"	"Haywards Heath, Sussex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£23,718-£40,738 "	"Warden Park Academy"	"Warden Park Academy"	"JS5225_347813/590804907"	"01/12/2018 07:02:33"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkvZT"	NA
"Sport Graduates needed for Teaching Assistant role in Blackburn"	"GBP"	"Blackburn, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Sport Graduates needed for Teaching Assistant role in Blackburn"	"Blackburn, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a successful Sports Graduate or are you graduating in 2018?Are you considering a route into teaching?Get in touch with Teaching Personnel to register for Future Teachers. Teaching Personnel is currently recruiting Sporting Graduates exclusively for a school in the Colne area. The school are looking to appoint Graduates to a Teaching Assistant role with the view to progressing onto their highly successful School Direct placements.As a nationally recognised Teaching School they are looking for forward thinking Sports Graduate looking to develop their career in education. The initial placement is a long term TA position working within your specialist subject. Roles include 1:1 and small group behaviour intervention, general class support and some Cover Supervisor work. With a huge range of experience available, the successful candidates will be perfectly equipped to successfully progress into the Initial Teacher Training.The school has an extensive network of partner schools, across East Lancashire, Salford, Bolton, Bury, Rochdale and Manchester areas. With a wide variety of school placements available there is a huge potential for securing your first teaching post upon the completion of your ITT.Paid, experience in a successful Teaching SchoolA direct route onto a highly recommended ITT courseAll Sports related degree subjects to be considered (to be discussed upon application)Induction process available with regular training opportunitiesWith a nearly 20 successful graduates placed this year already, this is an excellent opportunity to develop your experience in schools and gain progression onto your teacher training!To discuss the role further get in touch with Rob at Teaching Personnel Preston Secondary or click the apply now links to send your CV for this role!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Blackburn, Lancashire, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS16A39056/583700628"	"07/12/2018 13:31:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl5gO"	"Graduate"
"Long Term Teaching Opportunities from January across London and the Ho"	"80k Annual 00 GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Long Term Teaching Opportunities from January across London and the Ho"	"London - 80k Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Dear Colleagues, We are actively recruiting Primary School Teachers for the New Year. We have a wide variety of opportunities ranging from temporary, temp to permanent and short/long term supply. We will be ideally looking for British Trained Teachers but will also consider overseas trained. We will be recruiting for: All Areas of LondonEYFS/KS1/KS2Assistant HeadteacherDeputy HeadteacherPPA TeacherIntervention TeacherSEN Teacher/SENCo/InclusionNew candidates must have an up-to-date DBS. If you will be looking for a new Teaching Role in the New Year, please contact us via phone or via email so that we can register you and acquire the relevant documents. We look forward to hearing from you. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"80k Annual 00 GBP"	"Education Dreams LTD"	"Education Dreams LTD"	"JS3561_36519135/596910183"	"07/12/2018 09:07:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2m9"	NA
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"London - 80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Contract Term: Full time Long Term-Permanent Job Start: January 2019 Salary: £80-£90 per day Uniform Education are working with a welcoming and Friendly Four form, Outstanding Primary School in Wembley who is currently recruiting for a HLTA. This position is a full time, long term position with an opportunity to be permanent in September 2019, with scope for further development and training. Whether you're an aspiring teacher or simply love being a HLTA and want increased responsibilities of taking the class, you could be great for this position. Ideally, the suitable applicant for the HLTA role will be an experienced HLTA/TA with experience covering classes and leading groups of children with the HLTA qualification or equivalent Have a read of all the details before applying to this HLTA Cover Teacher opportunity. Job Description * Full Time HLTA role* Lovely team, very welcoming and friendly* SEN experience- ASD, BESD, MLD and SPLD. * Working closely with the SENCO and Class Teachers* Start January 2019 Person Specification * Experienced HLTA or TA* Experience covering classes* Knowledge of all three key stages beneficial* Graduates interested in teaching are urged to apply* A dedicated individual who can commit to the position School Information * Outstanding OFSTED graded primary school (4 form entry)* Located in the London Borough of Brent * Welcoming team of staff, excellent behaviour and a strong ethos* Free Parking Does this sound like the perfect HLTA opportunity for you? Perhaps you need some more details? If you would like to apply, please contact Kirsty Kemp on or email your updated CV  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"80.00 - 90.00 Annual GBP"	"UNIFORM EDUCATION"	"UNIFORM EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36763461/597594999"	"07/12/2018 09:05:28"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2lc"	"Graduate"
"Head of Business Studies and Economics in Harrow"	"662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Stanmore, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Head of Business Studies and Economics in Harrow"	"Stanmore, Middlesex - 662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Head of Business Studies and Economics - Harrow An Ofsted rated Oustanding secondary school in London are seeking to appoint a dynamic and well-qualified Head of Department for Business Studies and Economics on a Full time basis to start in January 2019. Do you have experience teaching your subject across all Key Stages? The successful applicant will be joining a department of Business and Economics Teachers who are dedicated to improving the attainment results and progress of their students. The school is extremely well facilitated with interactive whiteboards within all the classrooms and well-resourced departments. To be considered you will need to be a Business/Economics Teacher with the following: Qualified Teacher Status (QTS)Experience teaching Business and Economics to all Key StagesA track record for delivering strong results at GCSE levelYou will be a driven teacher with a strong desire for your students to succeed. Engage Education is a widely recognised, award-winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Stanmore, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"662.00 - 37645.00 Annual 00 GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36489052/596921147"	"07/12/2018 09:05:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2la"	NA
"Behavior Support Worker Manchester"	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Behavior Support Worker Manchester"	"City, Manchester - 60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Behaviour Support Worker Manchester  Empowering Learning are looking for SEND specialist teaching assistants, behaviour support workers and pastoral care assistants for an SEMH school in Manchester. This is a specialist environment, so the right candidate MUST have experience relevant to this position.  SEMH SCHOOLS CAN BE CHALLENGING PLACES TO WORK, SO YOU WILL NEED TO BE A CALM, CONFIDENT PERSON WHO CAN ENGAGE WITH THE PUPILS AND UNDERSTAND THEIR SOMETIMES COMPLEX NEEDS.  THE CHALLENGES OF THE ENVIRONMENT GO HAND IN HAND WITH THE SENSE OF ACHIEVEMENT YOU WILL GAIN FROM SEEING THE YOUNG PEOPLE YOU SUPPORT PROGRESS. ESSENTIALS: . DBS ON THE UPDATE SERVICE  . COMMITMENT TO WORKING IN AN SEMH SCHOOL . PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE  . TEAM TEACH (PREFERRED) Empowering Learning is a well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy with branches located in London, Manchester and Cardiff and is known for the great care we take with clients and employees alike.  Our dedicated, professional teams proudly place our candidates and clients at the heart of our bespoke approach and ensure that we provide excellent recruitment solutions to clients and candidates - no matter where they are in the countryIf you are interested in this role please contact Sarah Akers on or email your CV over to  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36768776/598105219"	"07/12/2018 09:04:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kp"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant SEND Salford"	"60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"City, Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Learning Support Assistant SEND Salford"	"City, Manchester - 60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Learning Support Assistant SEND  Empowering Learning are looking for SEND specialist Learning Support Assistants for a school in Salford. This is a specialist SEND environment so ideally the right candidate would have experience working in a similar setting. The school caters for secondary aged children with ASC, SLD and Complex Needs. Working in an SEND school is an incredibly fulfilling way to help pupils of all abilities with a variety of learning difficulties engage in education and realise their full potential.  You will work as part of a very close team of staff and build solid relationships throughout the school.  Essentials . DBS on the update service . A qualification in supporting teaching and learning or equivalent . Experience working as a Learning support assistant in a specialist setting  . The ability to work as part of a team as well as using your own initiative . Have experience of providing personal care support including feeding and toileting Empowering Learning is a well-established teacher training and recruitment consultancy with branches located in London, Manchester and Cardiff and is known for the great care we take with clients and employees alike.  Our dedicated, professional teams proudly place our candidates and clients at the heart of our bespoke approach and ensure that we provide excellent recruitment solutions to clients and candidates - no matter where they are in the countryIf you are interested in this role please contact Sarah Akers on or email your CV over to  "	"City, Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36768775/598102413"	"07/12/2018 09:04:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2ka"	NA
"Maths Graduate - Brent, NW London"	"GBP"	"Wembley, Middlesex"	"Unspecified"	"Maths Graduate - Brent, NW London"	"Wembley, Middlesex - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Maths Graduate - Brent, North West London  1st rule of maths - If it seems easy, you're doing it wrong.  Are you a recent Maths Graduate looking for a long-term, Full time role in an Academic Mentor role before deciding whether teaching is for you? A school in Brent has an opening for a Maths Graduate to start their teaching journey as an Academic Mentor for their GCSE and A-level students! *Maths Graduate required for Brent!*Long-term, Full time position for Maths Graduate*Academic support role needed for support across A-level and GCSE maths revision!*Must hold a minimum 2:1 graduate with a strong academic background*Experience in an academic support role highly beneficial *£65-£70 a day paid on a weekly basis! *Potential teacher training opportunities after the first term for Maths Graduate! The Maths Graduate will join the school's maths department and assist in the learning and the revision across GCSE and A-level maths students. If you are confident in other subjects ie science, English, IT you will be able to provide support within your secondary specialism.  In lessons you will provide general support to pupils who need support or extra clarification in topics and outside of this role you will support pupils in study sessions and promote learning in their free periods.  For this role, the Maths Graduate will benefit from having prior experience in an TA/Tutor role prior to this as it demonstrates your understanding of the requirements of an Academic Mentor however experience is not essential.  The school, based in Brent, are keen to meet a Maths Graduate to join their 'Outstanding' school and continue providing academic excellence. They are keen to meet a Maths Graduate who is looking to pursue teacher training, and has opportunities to support you through a paid, teacher training route.  Apply today! "	"Wembley, Middlesex, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36762684/597595553"	"07/12/2018 09:04:11"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2kL"	"Graduate"
"Geography Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Geography Teaching Assistant"	"London - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Geography Teaching Assistant | Highly Regarded Secondary | South West London School Are you a Geography graduate? Maybe you're a graduate in subjects with a strong amount of Geographical inquiry such as Environmental Science, Geology or even Geo-science? If you are looking for experience in the classroom which could potentially develop into training as a teacher then look no further!  >> 2:1+ Graduates in Geography based subjects>> Top Secondary School in London>> ASAP Start - Long term Teaching Assistant Post>> Potential Geography Teacher Training Opportunity from September 2019>> Academic Secondary School with Exceptional Resources>> Excellent Mentoring from Outstanding Teachers and Senior Leaders A superb Teaching Assistant opportunity is available ASAP in a successful, academic secondary. The Geography Teaching Assistant post is open to Geography graduates or graduates with related degrees in subjects such as Environmental Science, Geology or even Geo-science. It is important to the school that any Geography graduate have a determination to succeed in education and is prepared to work hard to achieve this goal. Whilst supporting pupils this Teaching Assistant post will allow you to build your curriculum knowledge in addition to giving you the classroom confidence needed to start teaching your own classes. Pupils at this school enjoy a wide range of extra curricular activities, and you will be able to contribute your talents and ideas to them or maybe even plan your own. As a Teaching Assistant in addition to your classroom duties you will provide booster sessions in the form of 1:1 and small groups outside the classroom.  If you meet the requirements of this advanced secondary school, apply for the ideal Teaching Assistant role in London immediately! Click 'Apply Now' and send your CV and covering letter to Rebecca Constant at EduStaff. Please note: due to the volume of applications, only successful applicants will be contacted. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Edustaff"	"Edustaff"	"JS3561_36535125/597594771"	"07/12/2018 09:03:47"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2j0"	"Graduate"
"Senior Associate, Finance"	"24k Annual + 3k LW"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Associate, Finance"	"London - 24k Annual + 3k LW"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"We are delighted that you're interested in this role - it couldn't be a more exciting time to join us. We are a new organisation formed out of the merger of Ambition School Leadership and the Institute for Teaching. We know that great teaching and school leadership are the most powerful levers for transforming children's outcomes. Effective leaders set the culture and create the conditions for improvements in teacher expertise, and expert teachers can close the attainment gap. Yet too much professional development for teachers and school leaders is low-quality, generic and fragmented. Our new organisation, launching in Spring 2019, will have a single focus: to help teachers and school leaders to keep getting better. We think that this is the best way to make sure that every pupil, regardless of their background, gets a great education. We will be the largest teaching and school leadership development provider in England, with more than ten years of collective experience working with everyone from new teachers to multi-academy trust CEOs and all of the roles in between. Through our evidence-based Partnerships, we'll work with schools serving low-income communities to provide high-quality development for educators at all levels, built on an understanding of what schools really need to improve. Our work is informed by the latest research and practice from the front line. Moreover, it's shaped constantly by our Partnerships with schools and trusts across the sector and the frontline experience of our network of teachers and leaders. To help us achieve our vision and mission and establish a thriving and positive working culture, we are looking for high-calibre and ambitious candidates to join us. We are looking for a Senior Finance Associate to join our team. In this role you will have the responsibility of credit control & all other accounts receivable tasks. The candidate must possess good excel skills & a proven track record in reducing debt. The candidate is required to liaise with key stakeholders so good communication skills are vital.  Our offer We are happy to announce that we will be able to offer you: Agile working - a dynamic and flexible internal culture that gives employees control over the way they work and supports wellbeing A competitive annual leave entitlement - 25 days plus bank holidays A generous employer pension contribution - 11% (10% pension plus 1% NI rebate) Competitive salaries rates and life assurance Access to interest free season ticket and bike loans, as well as childcare vouchers An Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) which gives staff confidential support and personalised information and resources when they are experiencing everyday challenges or more serious problems. A proactive, positive and progressive approach to team development. How to apply Unfortunately, due to the number of applications we receive at this stage we will not be able to contact unsuccessful applicants. "	"London, UK"	"Finance"	NA	"24k Annual + 3k LW"	"AMBITION SCHOOL LEADERSHIP"	"AMBITION SCHOOL LEADERSHIP"	"JS3573_6818856/592930051"	"06/12/2018 09:19:04"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwgY"	NA
"EBD TA role based in Lewisham"	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"EBD TA role based in Lewisham"	"London - 70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"EBD TA role based in Lewisham Primary SchoolBased in Lewisham£70 - £80 a day.depending on experienceEmpowering Learning are currently recruiting on behalf of a 'Good' School in Lewisham, who are looking for an experienced and committed TA to work 1:1 with a KS2 pupil who has Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties (EBD). This role is ideal for a teaching assistant who has experience with and a passion for working with SEN students. This will be a Full time job working Monday to Friday from 08:30 - 15:45 and will be a long-term assignment until July 2019 About the School Rated 'Good' by OfstedFriendly staff who work collaborativelyStrong and committed leadership team2 Form entryA creative and child centred approach to learningJob Responsibilities Working 1:1 with a pupil in year 5Employ strategies for behaviour management and report any problems to the teacherAble to stay calm and able to de-escalate challenging Behaviour Report any progress towards target for the pupil's behaviour support planProvide support during learning activitiesJob Requirements: Have knowledge of SENAbility to differentiate approaches to learningUnderstand trauma and impact on children's behavioursHave good behaviour managementDBS on the update service or be happy to obtain oneBenefits to you  Excellent rates of pay £70 - £80 a day.depending on experienceFree residential parkingDedicated consultant, with a wealth of experience and will support you during your assignmentIf you are looking for a rewarding role within the SEN sphere, we want to hear from you TODAY! Please contact Shamicka Jordan on and submit your CV today to:   Empowering Learning Ltd is a committed Equal Opportunities Employer and therefore will not discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, ethnicity, disability or sexual orientation. Please note that successful applicants will be asked to apply for an enhanced DBS check via the Disclosure and Barring Service  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Empowering Learning"	"Empowering Learning"	"JS3561_36545942/598331302"	"06/12/2018 07:04:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGx"	NA
"Daily Supply Teachers"	"130.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Daily Supply Teachers"	"London - 130.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Primary Teachers for Day to Day supply West & South West London Hounslow Richmond Kingston  Daily supply teachers - West London *Early Years (Including Nursery) *Key Stage 1 & Key Stage 2 *Competitive daily pay rate* *Daily & short term block bookings* *Great way to enhance experience, stay in Teaching but no hassle!.* *Ideal for Teachers looking for work & open to work while looking for long term/perm positions* *Close to home bookings, easy to commute to* *Turn up - Teach - Go home*  There has been a large increase in the need of Supply Teachers within the West & South West of London. With client schools of Academics requiring brilliant supply teachers on daily basis. *Daily Supply Teachers*.West London*  Working day to day we have a vast selection of client Primary Schools who frequently seek day to day teaching cover across Early years, Key stage 1 & 2. *Daily Supply Teachers*.West London*  This is a great opportunity for a Teacher looking to remain in the classroom but not have to deal with the stress of full time or planning constraints. *Daily Supply Teachers*.West London*  We aim to contact fantastic Teachers the evening before to arrange the School they will be going to the net day. Giving all information - address, times year groups etc. We very much aim to keep Teachers fully informed so they feel confident when going in to cover a class. Being able to tell Academics Consultants each week your availability will mean that you can pick and choose the days that you want to work. This can range from just the 1 to all 5! And can change on a weekly basis! Building a great relationship with a Primary School could even see you being asked specifically for by Head Teaches/Deputy Heads when cover is needed! OR be asked to return when a long term vacancy arises within the School. To find out more please contact or apply to to get started. QTS, experience teaching, able to travel within an hour is all ESSENTIAL! Education and Training Education and Training Education and Training Daily supply teachers  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"130.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"ACADEMICS"	"ACADEMICS"	"JS3561_36531941/597178912"	"06/12/2018 07:04:16"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvGh"	NA
"Supply Teaching - Peterborough"	"120.00 - 130.00 Annual GBP"	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire"	"Unspecified"	"Supply Teaching - Peterborough"	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire - 120.00 - 130.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"Are you looking for a Job in teaching without the pressures of marking and preparing? If so Supply teaching could be for you!At Reed Education we have a number of positions, full and part time that could be of interest. We work in close partnership with a number of primary schools around the Peterborough area. Reed are fast expanding in the Education sector and now require more fantastic teachers.We require teachers from right across the board from NQT to highly experienced individuals to support our primary schools. We are in the position to offer outstanding support and candidate care throughout your time working with Reed. We pride ourselves on our open and understanding working practices and would be happy to talk at any point.To be eligible for this role, you must: Be a qualified teacher (ideally PGCE, GTP, BEd, Cert Ed, BA with QTS) Have UK teaching experience. Be eligible to work in the UK. Hold a current and up to date DBS disclosure on the update service (or be willing to undergo a DBS check). Have the ability to encourage students to reach their potential. Excellent classroom management skills. Positive approach to teaching.As a part of the Reed Supply Team you could benefit from: Great rates of pay and a variety of work. A dedicated primary consultant. On going support throughout all assignments. Reed Global CPD and access to classroom tips and techniques. Potential long term teaching roles. Network of branches across the whole of the UK. A simple \"thank you\" for a job well done. Outstanding refer a friend scheme.Please apply with your CV and a member of the Reed Education Team will be in touch shortly! Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business "	"Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 130.00 Annual GBP"	"Reed Education"	"Reed Education"	"JS3561_35639485/598331326"	"06/12/2018 07:02:43"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvEO"	NA
"Cover Supervisor Teaching/Child Support - Part-time"	"Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale GBP"	"Sittingbourne, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Cover Supervisor Teaching/Child Support - Part-time"	"Sittingbourne, Kent - Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Pay: Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale Start Date: Jan 2019 Cover Supervisor Band 5 £18,059 - £19,864 (£13,591.20 - £14,949.65 pro rata) 33 hours per week, worked over 5 days, term time only plus 5 inset days. We are a happy and ambitious school, excited about the future of education and determined to become 'outstanding'. The successful candidate will supervise classes in the absence of the teacher or form tutor, using plans and resources provided for them. We offer: A successful and vibrant workplace with great staff and pupils. A well-resourced environment with excellent opportunities for CPD. A supportive team who are committed to helping the school strive for excellence. Ofsted - 'Teachers have high expectations of their pupils and expect all pupils to give of their best'. Application packs available online  Please note - we cannot accept CVs without an application form. Closing date: Friday 14th December 2018 (noon) Interview date: Monday 17th December 2018 Swale Academies Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. This post is subject to an enhanced DBS Disclosure. Contact details: Emma Rannard Trust Principal: Mr J Whitcombe MA Executive Headteacher: Mr S Murphy Headteacher: Ms Y Peden Information about the school The Sittingbourne Community College - Part of the Swale Academies Trust The specialist Arts, Sport and Engineering school for Swale Swale Academies Trust - Registered in England - Company no.  Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Disclosure and Barring Service. KTJ1 "	"Sittingbourne, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Swale Academies Trust Support Staff Payscale GBP"	"THE SITTINGBOURNE COMMUNITY COLLEGE"	"THE SITTINGBOURNE COMMUNITY COLLEGE"	"JS3573_6819324/594488006"	"05/12/2018 17:25:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpkQ"	NA
"Teaching Assistant + SEN Support - Term Time"	"KR GBP"	"Ramsgate, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Teaching Assistant + SEN Support - Term Time"	"Ramsgate, Kent - KR GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Pay: KR Start Date: Jan 2019 We have a vacancy at Chilton Primary School for a Teaching Assistant in one of our wonderful Year 1 classes. The post is required to support three children with additional needs within a whole class setting for twenty five hours per week. The successful candidate will be supporting these children at different points throughout the day but will also very much be working alongside the class teacher with the whole class to support teaching and learning. Our school ethos is 'One Childhood, one chance' and we are looking for someone with the enthusiasm and commitment to join our team. You must have: Previous experience of working with primary aged children - this is essential Great communication skills The skills to work within and contribute to a successful team The desire to make a difference to the education of our children We will offer you: An excellent teaching and support staff who are passionate about the work that we do Training and in-house expertise Advice and support from our experienced Trust Senco A friendly, vibrant and welcoming school. When completing the application form, candidates must thoroughly outline their suitability for the post within the 'reason for application' section. Without this detail, candidates will not be successful in being short-listed. Visits to the school prior to application are welcome. Please contact Mrs Kate Law, Head of School, by email to arrange this. The Viking Academy Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the care and welfare of children and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Appointment to this post will be subject to a Disclosure and Barring Service records check and references. Closing Date: 11/12/2018 at 09:00 Interviews: 14th December Information about the school Chilton Primary School is part of Viking Academy Trust which comprises of one junior school and two primary schools; Upton Juniors, Chilton Primary and Ramsgate Arts Primary School. Chilton is a two form entry school situated on the outskirts of Ramsgate. We provide distinctive and exciting learning environments in which all pupils receive the support and encouragement they need to become successful, confident pupils. The Viking Academy Trust has a dedicated staff team; determined in their efforts to ensure all pupils receive a first class educational experience. We combine a broad, challenging, high-quality education with excellent pastoral care and extra-curricular opportunity. Our aim is to educate our pupils in the broadest sense, offering a firm foundation for life, a challenging but safe environment and a strong community spirit. Our pupils; staff, parents and governors are proud of their school - come and see why! Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Disclosure and Barring Service. KTJ1 "	"Ramsgate, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"KR GBP"	"CHILTON PRIMARY SCHOOL-1"	"CHILTON PRIMARY SCHOOL-1"	"JS3573_6819314/594487991"	"05/12/2018 17:21:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpjC"	NA
"P/T Science teaching job - Wandsworth - January 2019"	"GBP"	"Wandsworth, London"	"Permanent"	"P/T Science teaching job - Wandsworth - January 2019"	"Wandsworth, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description P/T Science teaching job - Wandsworth - January 2019Passionate about teaching?Want to teach without the hassle?We are looking for qualified Science teachers to join us at Teaching Personnel for part time and full time roles!Secondary school is relaxed and a fun place to learn.KS3/KS4 Science.Ofsted rated 'Good'3/4 days a weekSchool - Mixed Secondary school in the Wandsworth area.Job Type: Part-timeExperience:teaching: NQT/FQTEducation:Bachelor's/QTSLicence:QTS (Qualified Teacher Status) (Required)Language:English (RequiredPlease send your CV today!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Wandsworth, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JSC5014DF2/574190905"	"05/12/2018 16:19:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo6b"	NA
"Mathematics/English/Science Graduate TAs- LB of Hounslow"	"GBP"	"Hounslow, London"	"Permanent"	"Mathematics/English/Science Graduate TAs- LB of Hounslow"	"Hounslow, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a recent Mathematics/Science or English Graduate in the last five years?Able to start ASAP or in January 2019?Keen to start a career in Education with the possibility to complete a School's Direct Programme in 2019?If you have answered yes to above questions, then we would like to hear from you!An 'Outstanding' School in the London Borough of Hounslow are looking for strong English/Science and Mathematics Graduates to join their school ASAP or in January 2019. For the right candidates the school are willing to offer a School's Direct Programme for candidates who are looking to pursue a teaching career through their school. Job specification .  Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant*Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School*Borough of Hounslow - Excellent public transport links*£70 - £80 per day *Opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher - NO FEES!Details of the School The school has great resources to aid skilled learning and education. The ideal candidate will be joining a team of highly experienced teachers and support staff, who are committed to delivering an outstanding level of education for students in their school to enhance their academic knowledge.As a Graduate Teaching Assistant you will:Support the classroom teacher with all relevant lesson requirements.Provide students with one to one support and small group intervention in the build up to the examination period.Have a very positive and confident approach and strong knowledge of your subject. Engage, inspire and encourage students to achieve their highest academic potential.In return, the school offers you the chance to train to become a fully qualified teacher in a supportive environment, with an excellent Continued Professional Development programme post qualification. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please submit your CV without delay! "	"Hounslow, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS1A8C60CC/586922177"	"05/12/2018 16:16:57"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glo4y"	"Graduate"
"Maths Support Specialist"	"20193.85 - 22397.00 Annual and membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan GBP"	"Headington, Oxfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Maths Support Specialist"	"Headington, Oxfordshire - 20193.85 - 22397.00 Annual and membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Cheney School is a popular, high-performing school located in the heart of Oxford serving a diverse community of students who are eager to learn and to be challenged. You can read the outcome of our recent Ofsted inspection here: Ofsted Report  We are committed to continuous professional development and have wide-ranging training and development opportunities. In addition to an induction and training programme, if you wish to develop your career with us you will be provided with comprehensive support in preparation for making an application for teacher training or to undergo the School-centred initial teacher training ( SCITT ) programme with us. For further details about teacher training programmes we participate in please see the Oxfordshire Teaching Schools Alliance's website. We are looking for a skilled and enthusiastic Maths Support Specialist to join our Student Support and Maths Faculty. This role may involve planning, preparing and delivering learning activities to targeted individuals/small groups or short term for whole classes. Monitoring pupils and assessing, recording and reporting on pupil's achievement. There may be some responsibility for the management of other teaching assistants. This is a valuable opportunity for an individual who Has experience of working with and supporting young people with a high level of physical, emotional and learning needs Has an ability to work flexibly and independently Has a desire to promote high expectations and aspirations for young people Enjoys helping young people to overcome barriers to learning in order to raise attainment and achievement We can offer you Salary - Grade 8: £20,193.85 - £22,397.18 pro rata 37 hours a week, Term Time plus 1 INSET day The position comes with membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan. We also welcome applicants looking for flexibility with their work-life, where this subject can easily be discussed at the interview stage. Visits to the school prior to interview are warmly welcomed. To arrange a visit or if you would like more information about the role, please contact Becky Robson, Head of Student Progress (Vulnerable Students), by phone on: . How to Apply: Please download an application form and email it via the button below.  The Community Schools Alliance Trust is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff to share this commitment.  Closing Date: Monday, 10th December, 8am  Interviews: W/c 10th December "	"Headington, Oxfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"20193.85 - 22397.00 Annual and membership of a comprehensive Healthcare Benefits Plan GBP"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"CHENEY SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817990/592930400"	"05/12/2018 15:23:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlogM"	NA
"English Maths and Science TA's needed in St Austell Area"	"GBP"	"Charlestown, Fife"	"Permanent"	"English Maths and Science TA's needed in St Austell Area"	"Charlestown, Fife - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Are you a successful English, Maths or Science Graduate?Are you considering a route into teaching?We are looking for Future Teachers and are currently recruiting English, Maths and Science Graduates exclusively for a school in the St Austell area. The school are looking to appoint Graduates to a Teaching Assistant role with the view to progressing onto their highly successful School Direct placements.As a nationally recognised Teaching Multi Academy Trust they are looking for forward thinking English, Maths and Science Graduates looking to develop their career in education. The initial placement is to start ASAP and will run until the end of the academic year working within your specialist subject. Roles include 1:1 and small group intervention, general class support and some Cover Supervisor work. With a huge range of experience available, the successful candidates will be perfectly equipped to successfully progress into the Initial Teacher Training.The school has an extensive network of partner schools across Cornwall ith a wide variety of school placements available there is a huge potential for securing your first teaching post upon the completion of your ITT.Paid experience in a successful teaching schoolA direct route onto a highly recommended ITT courseAll English, Maths and Science related degree subjects to be considered (to be discussed upon application)Induction process available with regular training opportunitiesWith a number of successful graduates placed this year already, this is an excellent opportunity to develop your experience in schools and gain progression onto your teacher training!To discuss the role further get in touch with Dean via or emailAll applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.Privacy Notice "	"Charlestown, Fife, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS52D23CF4/571554307"	"05/12/2018 14:19:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln4j"	"Graduate"
"Science Graduates required for Teaching assistant roles"	"GBP"	"Brent, London"	"Permanent"	"Science Graduates required for Teaching assistant roles"	"Brent, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Science Graduate required for TA role in Brent areaDaily rate- £60-£75Ofsted rated \"good\" and \"outstanding\" schoolsTeaching Personnel are working alongside schools in the Brent area to find Science graduates who are seeking a successful start to their working careers! Not only do we offer work within the top schools in the borough- we also offer CPD training courses at a discounted price, competitive salary rates and Future Teacher Programmes! Your support and background knowledge will raise attainment and progress levels within the school environment- this opportunity will also allow you to become a positive role model to children who will soon be transitioning to Secondary Schools!What the schools are looking for:Positive attitudeEnthusiastic graduateHigh level of patience and creativityIf you are interested in this fantastic opportunity- please apply as soon as possible!All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Brent, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS3E1EDDE7/573882406"	"05/12/2018 14:19:03"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln4R"	"Graduate"
"Head of Science - Bromley Secondary School - September 2019"	"GBP"	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Head of Science - Bromley Secondary School - September 2019"	"Bromley, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description *Head of Science - Permanent Appointment*Salary - MPS or UPS with TLR*Permanent & Full time*September 2019 postLarger than average & highly reputable Coeducational Secondary School within mainstream education is recruiting for a permanent experienced Head of Science (MPS or UPS with TLR). This post is to start in September 2019.Situated in the borough of Bromley, this exemplary & successful school pride themselves on their courteous and academically driven students. Their pupils who want to learn and very passionate about their education. At this school, they have an Inspiring Headteacher who has excellent vision for this school. In addition he has a solid Senior Leadership Team with years of experience. They teach through the Key Stages up to their outstanding 6th form. Students are articulate, focused and respond well to Good to outstanding teaching.They are recruiting for a Good to Outstanding and experienced Science Teacher/Teacher of Science/Head of Science (MPS or UPS + TLR). It is imperative that you have a UK recognised teaching qualification to work within a secondary mainstream school. You will have a strong STEM background with sound subject knowledge, dedicated, enthusiastic, with impeccable leadership & managerial capabilities and experience. As an experienced MPS or UPS Science Teacher/Teacher of Science, you must have held a TLR post in your current school or a past school. This post would be suitable for either a Head of Physics/Head of Biology/Head of Chemistry/Head of Science/2IC Science/AST Science. It is essential that your teaching experience in Secondary Mainstream setting & taught at a minimum of KS3 and KS4 (KS5 beneficial).You will be looking for a 'step up' into responsibility OR already have a TLR role. The successful Head of Science will be leading with clear example & managing a team of Science teachers, Science Technicians etc. This is an exceptional and thriving School located in Bromley & a great school to have on your CV. If you are looking for an outstanding school that essentially is supportive, a true visionary of a Head teacher then this could be what you are looking for in your next appointment.Please apply today with your CV to avoid disappointment for this experienced Science Teacher + TLR appointment! You will have a Secondary School teaching certificate (UK recognised)Well qualified & experienced Science TeacherSound knowledge of the UK curriculum with a strong STEM background as a Science TeacherYou will have Secondary School mainstream Teaching experience (KS3 - KS4 minimum)You will either be an experienced Physics Teacher/HOD/2IC Science/Biology Teacher/Chemistry Teacher/Coordinator/Head of Science/Head of Chemistry/Head if Biology, AST etcExperience managing a team within a secondary school with excellent Leadership and Managerial attributesMust be able to enthuse your students, are engaging and able to inspire your pupils'good' to 'outstanding' Teacher of Science Teacher/Head of Science"	"Bromley, Kent, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSD813AB0A/592977620"	"05/12/2018 14:18:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln4L"	NA
"Maths, English or Science Grad Teaching Assistant - Hammersmith"	"GBP"	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths, English or Science Grad Teaching Assistant - Hammersmith"	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Have you recently graduate from university in the last three years?Hold a 2:2 or higher English, Mathematics or Science Degree ?Able to start n January 2019?Does an opportunity to complete a School's Direct Programme in 2019 appeal to you?If you have answered yes to above questions, then we would like to hear from you!An 'Outstanding' School in Hammersmith & Fulham are looking for strong English/Science and Mathematics Graduates to join their school ASAp or in January 2019. For the right candidates the school are willing to offer a School's Direct Programme for teaching assistants who are looking to pursue a teaching career through their school. Job specification .  Maths/English/Science Graduate Teaching Assistant*Ofsted rated \"Outstanding\" Secondary School*Hammersmith & Fulham - Excellent public transport links*£65 - £80 per day *Opportunity to train to become a fully qualified teacher - NO FEES!Details of the SchoolThe school has great resources to aid skilled learning and education. The ideal candidate will be joining a team of highly experienced teachers and support staff, who are committed to delivering an outstanding level of education for students in their school to enhance their academic knowledge.As a Graduate Teaching Assistant you will:Support the classroom teacher with all relevant lesson requirements.Provide students with one to one support and small group intervention in the build up to the examination period.Have a very positive and confident approach and strong knowledge of your subject. Engage, inspire and encourage students to achieve their highest academic potential.In return, the school offers you the chance to train to become a fully qualified teacher in a supportive environment, with an excellent Continued Professional Development programme post qualification. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please submit your CV without delay!In addition, we also offer a referral scheme. Should you know anyone who is looking for a teaching assistant role, please contact us and we will be in touch.  "	"Hammersmith And Fulham, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JS3F6E4044/591393118"	"05/12/2018 14:18:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln3p"	"Graduate"
"Science and Maths Graduates"	"GBP"	"Childwall, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Science and Maths Graduates"	"Childwall, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description .*Science and Maths graduates required .*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent job .*Excellent CPD opportunities with Teaching Personnel Teaching Personnel are looking to recruit science and maths graduates for their support team on a full and part time basis for a secondary school in the Childwall area in Liverpool. The post of Graduate teaching assistant will involve working with children who are under achieving and lacking confidence and additionally present challenging behaviours. At this time of year there is also a high demand for day to day teaching assistants so if you are available 3 days or more per week between 8.30-3.30pm, please get in touch.Applications are welcome from Graduates of all backgrounds, previous experience as working with children or vulnerable adults is desirable, if you are in the process of applying for teacher training or have a place secured for 2018/19 this opportunity to work as a graduate teaching assistant would be ideal preparation for you.*Full time temporary position employed via Teaching Personnel*Graduate teaching assistant position in Childwall area in Liverpool*Great preparation for aspiring teachers*Earn up to £300 per week and potentially secure a permanent jobTeaching Personnel work with over 3000 schools nationwide; if you are looking to quickly secure work in a school and want to be considered for this position please apply straight away: Want to enquire? Email and please make sure you include a small cover letter telling us why you feel you would be right to work in these environments. The more information you give us the more we tell our schools about you! WE ARE HERE TO HELP and we want to help you succeed in a position that's right for you!Not the role for you? Call today and find out if there are any other roles which may interest you. We have a primary, secondary and SEN branch within the Liverpool office. Call today.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Childwall, Lancashire, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSB91B6876/582753653"	"05/12/2018 14:17:51"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln3f"	"Graduate"
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant Teaching/Child Support - Full-time"	"6.00 Annual plus SENA GBP"	"Folkestone, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant Teaching/Child Support - Full-time"	"Folkestone, Kent - 6.00 Annual plus SENA GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Pay: KR6 plus SENA Start Date: Jan 2019 The Beacon, Folkestone are looking to appoint a HLTA to work with our post 16 students. We are looking for enthusiastic and experienced HLTA's to join our dedicated and highly effective team. The school prides itself on providing our students with much more than academic support within lessons. This role includes, planning and delivering specified learning activities to individuals, small groups and/or classes set by or with teachers and/or support pupils undertaking lessons delivered via distance learning or computer aided techniques. The successful candidate will be expected to progress pupils' learning and to assess, record and report on development, progress and attainment as agreed with the teacher. It is necessary for the candidate to have qualifications in Maths/Numeracy or English/Literacy equivalent to at least NVQ Level 2. An HLTA qualification or evidence of working at this level would be advantageous. This post is term time only (39 working weeks per year) KR6 £19,864 - £21,789 (pro rata to term time) depending on experience plus £1,257.60 SENA (pro rata to term time). This role provides an exciting and excellent opportunity to work in a brand new, high quality and well-resourced environment and to work with an established, experienced and highly motivated team. The Beacon is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people, and expects all staff to share this commitment. Please note that these posts are subject to an Enhanced DBS and receipt of 2 good references. Closing Date: 09/12/2018 at 20:00 Interviews: TBA Information about the school The Beacon, Folkestone is a new purpose built centre of excellence for learning, with outstanding facilities including hydro pool, hi-tech sensory rooms, soft play areas, state of the art PE hall, specialist subject rooms, sensory garden, grassed amphitheatre and life skills house. The school building is specifically designed to meet the needs of the pupils and caters for 354 pupils aged 3-19 years with Profound, Severe and Complex Needs (PSCN). The Beacon also hosts a Multi Agency Support Hub. This is one of four centres across the County that brings NHS colleagues, paediatricians, speech and occupational therapists, and nursing services, alongside children's social services and portage colleagues into one cohesive centre. We are proud of the strong partnerships this brings to benefit the children and families of Shepway. The Beacon is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and views it with paramount importance. It engages with children and staff in policy and practice developments, and proactively encourages feedback. All postholders are required to obtain an enhanced Criminal Records disclosure via the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS), including checks against the barred list together with all other appropriate vetting procedures. Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Disclosure and Barring Service. KTJ1 "	"Folkestone, Kent, UK"	"Education"	NA	"6.00 Annual plus SENA GBP"	"The Beacon"	"The Beacon"	"JS3573_6819306/594487975"	"05/12/2018 12:58:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnKd"	NA
"Supply Teachers Needed in Bradford"	"GBP"	"Bradford, Yorkshire"	"Permanent"	"Supply Teachers Needed in Bradford"	"Bradford, Yorkshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Supply teachers required to work in schools across Bradford, immediate supply work available for newly qualified or experienced secondary teachers.Teaching Personnel are working in partnership with secondary schools across West Yorkshire, we are the preferred staff supplier to both BDAT and also the Bradford and Keighley Catholic Partnership. As this is a busy time of year for schools preparing Christmas, we are receiving an increased number of demands for supply teachers on a daily basis. This can include;Daily cover (morning or night before call to cover 1 day sickness)Week long bookings to cover for absent teachersPaternity covers for a period of 2 school weeksFull and half days, covering from 8:30am to 3pmCross curricular cover with pre-set class work from teachersWhether you are an experienced teacher nearing the end of your career or a teacher returning from a period outside the classroom, working as a supply teacher is an excellent way to network and build contacts in schools whilst gaining experience in a range of different schools. Teaching Personnel Leeds Bradford Secondary Branches work across Bradford including areas such as Keighley, Shipley, Skipton and Cleckheaton. If you are a qualified teacher looking for work in Bradford as a supply teacher, apply straight away for consideration.Please call Christian Walshe in the Teaching Personnel Leeds Bradford Secondary branch or submit a CV/Covering letter via the \"apply now\" link below. You will need to have a DBS (formerly CRB) certificate and suitable teaching based references to be cleared for supply work.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Bradford, Yorkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS1D075CCD/575815003"	"05/12/2018 12:57:13"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnIv"	NA
"SEN Teaching Assistant to start immediately - South East London"	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SEN Teaching Assistant to start immediately - South East London"	"London - 70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"We are working with a SEN Primary School based in South East London which is looking for an SEN Teaching Assistant to start immediately. The School caters for pupils who have learning difficulties, often exacerbated by additional needs, including medical, speech and communication, emotional, psychological and behavioural and some physical disabilities. The school is well resourced and has excellent amenities as well as enjoying a professional and caring work ethos. The school possesses a calm and secure work environment and is led by a strong Head Teacher who provides exceptional on-going support throughout the school. We are looking for individuals who are patient, caring and confident and who want to make a difference in the education of children. You must have at least 6 months experience in a similar role. You must also have a valid CRB check. The school is located very close to an underground station and mainline station and its central location makes it an easy commute from any area in London. We are currently working with numerous long term positions so if this position is not quite for you please do send us your CV to discuss other opportunities more suitable to your requirements. ASQ Education is a quality mark teaching agency that is committed to offering teachers and teaching assistants the finest opportunities throughout London and the UK. To apply for this position, please send your CV ASAP to the following email address or visit our website and register online today. "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"70.00 - 80.00 Annual GBP"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"ASQ EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36684576/587173200"	"05/12/2018 12:45:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlnBO"	NA
"Faculty Engagement Officer (Science)"	"GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"Faculty Engagement Officer (Science)"	"Bristol - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast paced, professional team working with key stakeholders inside and outside the University to deliver a range of activities designed to inspire potential students to engage and study at the University of Bristol.The Home Recruitment and Conversion team is responsible for the coordination, planning and delivery of key recruitment and widening participation outreach initiatives at the University as set out in the University's Access and Participation Plan.The successful applicant will sit within the Faculty of Science and will work with the Home Recruitment and Conversion team on a range of recruitment and widening participation activities within the Faculty.We're looking for an outstanding teacher who can enthuse potential students about studying in the Science Faculty. The successful applicant will have excellent organisational and interpersonal skills, be able to innovate and forge partnerships with both the academic community and school and college staff, and be able to deliver sessions across the range of subjects we offer in the Faculty.For informal enquiries, please contact Alex O'Driscoll ( )The closing date for applications will be 23:59 on Sunday 9th December 2018. We appreciate and value difference, seeking to attract, develop and retain a diverse mix of talented people that will contribute to the overall success of Bristol and help maintain our position as one of the world's leading universities. "	"Bristol, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"University of Bristol"	"University of Bristol"	"JSSUPP104749/593978508"	"05/12/2018 11:25:46"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glmgk"	NA
"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	""	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Higher Level Teaching Assistant"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"This is an exciting opportunity to work in an excellent school in Kensington and Chelsea Higher Level Teaching Assistant  These are full-time, long-term positions, starting in January 2019.   This primary school set in the heart of North Kensington has been graded as 'good' by Ofsted. They are a friendly multi-cultural two form entry school, with a strong community feel. The school prides itself on providing a vibrant and caring learning environment which nurtures and supports the children. The school can offer a rewarding and challenging Higher Level Teaching Assistant role in a supportive environment with outstanding training opportunities for aspiring teachers. As a Higher Level Teaching Assistant at this primary school, you will need to be highly organised and excellent at working under pressure. As well as assisting the class Teacher with the planning and preparation of lessons, you will also need to develop and prepare the resources for those lessons, when required. One of the key duties which sets this Higher Level Teaching Assistant role apart from a Teaching Assistant role is PPA Cover in Years 3 and 6. Within a pre-determined framework, you will be required to teach whole classes to cover the Teacher's PPA considerations. If this Primary School Higher Level Teaching Assistant role, located in Notting Hill, is suited to your skill set and experiences then apply for this role today!  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"REESON EDUCATION"	"REESON EDUCATION"	"JS3561_36747686/592833575"	"05/12/2018 10:53:08"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlmL6"	NA
"Head of Science role in Richmond - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Permanent"	"Head of Science role in Richmond - January 2019 - MPS/UPS"	"Twickenham, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Head of Science - Richmond - January 2019 start - MPS/UPS. Are you an experienced Science 2ic who is ready to step up and lead your own Science Department?  Or... Are you an existing Head of Science who is keen on finding a role where you can add more value and progress your career towards SLT in the future?  If you are a middle leader looking to propel your career and take on more responsibilities in an inclusive secondary school in Richmond as a Head of Science, then look no further and keep reading for more information. .* Head of Science position available in Richmond* Permanent, Full-Time Head of Science role at a large secondary * Excellent CPD and career advancement opportunities available * MPS/UPS + TLR * Apply to this role to book a school tour and chat with the Headteacher  Head of Science - Person Specification - Richmond This post requires a committed and experienced Science Teacher looking for more responsibility or a current career-minded Head of Science who feels they would thrive in a new environment where staff development is a true priority. We want to see experienced teachers with the drive to maintain a happy and motivated workforce through an open and honest management style that caters to the needs of their staff.  About the Head of Science role  In this Head of Science post, you will be leading the well-equipped Science Department as an important member of the middle management team, displaying Outstanding lessons for the rest of the department to model their practice. Part of this role will involve leading observations on all staff within the department and ensuring all staff are given the training and support needed to become true master teachers.  The School  This inclusive secondary school is found in Richmond and is surrounded by local shops and busy public transport routes that allows for quick and easy access. Thanks to the large amount of support and guidance offered by the MAT, the school is transforming after a period of coasting and is now reaching new heights for both results and behaviour.Head of Science - Richmond - January 2019 start - MPS/UPS. This exciting Head of Science vacancy is your chance to join an inclusive secondary school in Richmond - apply today to take the next step in your career. Simply click 'Apply' and send your CV All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. Please see teachingpersonnel.com/faqs for details.All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided.For details of our privacy policy, please see teachingpersonnel.com/privacy -notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS575D3B83/597175311"	"05/12/2018 09:39:37"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GllTL"	NA
"Lecturer, Health and Science - Biology"	"GBP"	"United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer, Health and Science - Biology"	"United Kingdom - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"As a lecturer, you will be required to deliver high-quality learning and teaching ensuring that you are maintaining standards expected by the College, awarding and professional bodies, industry, stakeholders and learners. You are expected to develop appropriate teaching techniques and materials which enable all learners to achieve their full potential and take account of educational initiatives. You will need to have industry knowledge and experience of teaching in an FE Environment. Biology specialist ideally for the applied science and forensic courses. Qualified teacher with experience of teaching in an FE environment. "	"United Kingdom"	"Science, Education"	NA	"GBP"	"South Essex College of Further & Higher Education"	"South Essex College of Further & Higher Education"	"JSSGPPZX302J/594658468"	"04/12/2018 11:51:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlZ2L"	NA
"Teaching Assistant"	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Teaching Assistant"	"Southwark, London - 12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Currently looking for a Teaching Assistant who has some experience in managing behavioural difficulties.  This casual contract role is responsible for supporting the delivery of education to an individual student(s) using creative approaches to help them reach their academic potential. The students are referred to us for a variety of reasons which mean they are not able to access mainstream education. Reasons for this include students with SEN, medical needs or those that have been permanently excluded. This role will be working alongside a teacher who is responsible for planning and leading the lesson. Some assignments will have an end date but most will be for an indeterminate amount of time. This role can be based on or offsite or a mixture of the two. If you require further information, please apply now. "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"12.33 Hourly after induction GBP"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"THE COMPLETE WORKS INDEPENDENT SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6809422/572988509"	"02/12/2018 13:12:49"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlE5P"	NA
"SEN LSA"	"£60 per day GBP"	"Cardiff, Wales"	"Permanent"	"SEN LSA"	"Cardiff, Wales - £60 per day GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description SEN LSACardiff Primary School Full-Time Long Term Position £60 per day  Academics are currently working with a large primary school in the west of Cardiff. The SEN LSA position is for an immediate start, the school are looking for an outstanding SEN LSA to join them on a long term, full time basis working 5 days per week. The position is to work with a year 5 pupil that needs extra support to help achieve the full learning potential. The SEN LSA must have good behaviour management strategies to overcome any challenging behaviour. The Role: * Full time SEN LSA role, providing support for the class teacher and working with a year 5 pupil on a one to one basis. * Working with pupils in KS2 mainly based 1-1. Job satisfaction is huge in this role and those who have experience working within SEN will realise how enjoyable this role is. What you will need for this SEN LSA role: * Experience in working with children with Special Educational Needs (SEN) * A calm and tranquil personality * A passion for working with pupils who require additional needs. Classroom experience within the last yearAs part of the Cardiff Academics Supply Team you will benefit from: . The support of a dedicated Primary consultant * Plenty of opportunities for long term contracts as well as an option of shorter and periodic work * Great rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme* Excellent opportunities for CPD training (Team Teach/Read, Write Inc/Apple training and Big Maths)"	"Cardiff, Wales, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£60 per day GBP"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"Broadbean_UK_Organic"	"JSF4D758D2/591392873"	"02/12/2018 11:12:40"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEeW"	NA
"Learning Support Assistant Roles at South Glos. Special School"	"£15,621 - £16,698 per annum "	"Thornbury, Gloucestershire"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support Assistant Roles at South Glos. Special School"	"Thornbury, Gloucestershire - £15,621 - £16,698 per annum "	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description We are seeking enthusiastic and committed Learning Support Assistant to work at a residential school for children. As a Learning Support Assistant, you will be working with residents aged 6 to 19 who have a range of learning difficulties which include challenging behaviour and attachment disorders. The school is under an hour from Bristol, Stroud, Newport, Badminton and North Somerset, making it ideal for candidates from a variety of areas. Responsibilities include: * Assisting the class teacher in delivering pupil's education. This includes contributing to planning, preparation of differentiated resources and individual instruction. This will also include recording of learning and assessment * Accompanying a pupil or pupils to events, activities, gatherings and festivals both on and off-site. * Behaving in such a way as to set an example to the pupils of appropriate behaviour, which is representative of the School's ethos and standards. * Maintaining safe practice and report any concerns to the person in charge. * Supporting the ethos and philosophy of the school. * Learning and partaking in verses and songs in Class, Assembly and at Festivals Support pupils during class-activities, in workshops and at break time * Participating in pupil progress recording and daily record sheets. * You must be flexible with your communication methods as the individual needs of the children vary. Some of the communication methods include PECS, Signalong and communication books. * Many of our pupils have complex sensory needs and the LSA must work with the Teacher, Occupational Therapist, Speech and Language Therapist and other professionals to be aware of sensory and communication needs and to intervene where the pupils is not able to self-manage this for themselves. * You are expected to attend planning and review meetings, during which you will advocate for the best possible learning opportunities for your pupils, including ensuring they are challenged sufficiently to ensure academic progression and progress towards intended learning outcomes as defined in the Education Health and Care Plans. * Performing any other tasks within reason, which from time to time may be necessary to fulfil the needs of the job and further the objectives of the school. * Showing an interest in Festivals and events held at the school. About you We are looking for experienced candidates who will help to enrich the lives of the pupils at this school and those who can provide appropriate academic challenges, working with the students to achieve academically and provide pastoral support Essential Criteria include * Maths and English qualifications at Level 2 or above (GCSE Grade c or above) * Ability to innovate in learning experiences. * Outstanding communication skills * Be prepared to advocate for the Pupils right to outstanding educational experiences. * Understand the Education, Health and Care plans and how they apply to the learning and development of each pupil. * Experience with learning disabled children or young adults * Interest in and empathy with children or young adults with learning disabilities * Good IT skills * Patience and sense of humour * Open to offering guidance and support for personal care Desirable Criteria include * Experience in a residential school setting * Rudolf Steiner/Curative Education experience * NVQ class assistant qualifications * Clean UK driving licence * Experience using alternative communication, eg Signalong, PECS * Midas training About the School This residential Steiner School in Thornbury is wonderful setting for children with learning difficulties aged 6 to 19. They have several residential houses on site, a school building, indoor and outdoor craft workshops and a swimming pool. Adjacent is their farm, which provides organic produce for the community. Pay £15,621 - £16,698 per annum Closing Date: 06/12/2018 Working Hours: 40 hours a week, 8:30am - 5pm, Mon- Fri Holidays: 6.6 weeks holiday (includes Bank holidays) Relocating? Affordable onsite accommodation is available if required with temporary accommodation available to candidates who are relocating. About Monarch Education We're Monarch Education - a UK-wide education recruitment agency placing teachers and education professionals in short-term, long-term and permanent roles. Personal and professional, our service begins and ends with people - from the consultants we hire, to the teachers we place, and the close relationships we build with our clients. We're taking the South West by storm and quickly becoming one of the UK's leading education recruitment specialists. We believe that's all down to our brilliant people who make up our supportive, knowledgeable and down to earth team. "	"Thornbury, Gloucestershire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"£15,621 - £16,698 per annum "	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS64862F5A/592626231"	"02/12/2018 11:11:48"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEds"	NA
"Event Linked Teaching and Learning Assistant"	"13278.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Event Linked Teaching and Learning Assistant"	"London - 13278.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"To work with two pupils with SEN in KS2 £13,278 per annum 27.5 hours per week (8.30-2.30) Term time only (39 weeks) We are seeking a Learning Support Assistant to join our happy, thriving and successful primary school in Battersea, to provide support for two named pupils. Good levels of literacy and numeracy, experience with SEN, and the ability to communicate effectively with colleagues, parents and SEN professionals is a requirement, as is a passion for and commitment to working with children with special needs. This post would suit an experienced Teaching Assistant or an aspiring teacher and would provide an excellent opportunity to acquire the skills and experience necessary to apply for teacher training. You must be willing to undertake professional development as required. Closing date: 07 December 2018 (at noon) Interviews: 11 December 2018  \"The Federation of Sacred Heart and St Marys Primary School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and requires all staff and volunteers to share and demonstrate this commitment.\" \"The successful candidate will have to meet the requirements of the person specification and will be subject to pre-employment checks including a health check, an enhanced DBS check and satisfactory references.\" CVs are not accepted. THE FEDERATION OF SACRED HEART AND ST MARY'S CATHOLIC PRIMARY SCHOOLS, BATTERSEA "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"13278.00 Annual GBP"	"SACRED HEART PRIMARY SCHOOL"	"SACRED HEART PRIMARY SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6816268/587812151"	"02/12/2018 11:10:14"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEco"	NA
"Salaried GP, Euston"	"£8,750 - £9,500"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Euston"	"London - £8,750 - £9,500"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upTraining PracticeUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedCQC rated GoodYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £8,750 - £9,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - EustonThe surgery -Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary teamClinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role8 sessions per weekClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £9,500 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported"	"London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£8,750 - £9,500"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSCC0E68DE/592626370"	"02/12/2018 11:06:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZv"	NA
"Salaried GP, Peckham"	"£8,750 - £10,000 GBP"	"Southwark, London"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Peckham"	"Southwark, London - £8,750 - £10,000 GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upTraining PracticeUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedCQC rated GoodYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £8,750 - £10,000 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - PeckhamThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary teamClinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role4 - 8 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits -Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £10,000 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported "	"Southwark, London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£8,750 - £10,000 GBP"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSF3A69A31/592626251"	"02/12/2018 11:06:17"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZs"	NA
"Salaried GP, Greenwich"	"£8,750 - £9,500 per session"	"Greenwich, London"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Greenwich"	"Greenwich, London - £8,750 - £9,500 per session"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background -Progressive and forward-thinking set-upTraining PracticeUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedCQC rated GoodYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £8,750 - £9,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - GreenwichThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary teamClinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour roleCirca 6 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £9,500 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supported"	"Greenwich, London, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£8,750 - £9,500 per session"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JS74F44A03/592626161"	"02/12/2018 11:06:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEZq"	NA
"Salaried GP, Harringay"	"£10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leave"	"Harringay, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Salaried GP, Harringay"	"Harringay, United Kingdom - £10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leave"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Background - Progressive and forward-thinking set-upUnique levels of support to its GPs, contributing to an excellent working environmentPart of larger network with many Training practices across LondonOption of a 'buddy', a non-clinical member of staff who will handle 80 - 90% of a GP's daily administrative workloadFurther support of Pharmacist who will sign the majority of your prescriptionsBureaucracy stripped away so you can focus on the reason you chose to become a doctor, clinical work and seeing patientsCareer progression supportedYou will also be supported with career progression, whether that is a clinical interest or if you have a desire to become a teacher or trainer. The surgery is also extremely low-visiting for GPs, with ANPs and Physician Associates carrying out the bulk of visits.Salary - £10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leaveLocation - HarringayThe surgery - Forward-thinking, dynamic set-upPurpose-built practiceHigh levels of support Non-clinical buddy to reduce admin workloadPharmacist to assist with prescriptionsVery low-visiting (ANPs and PAs do visits)Supportive senior GPs who encourage clinical progressionMulti-disciplinary team (Nurse Practitioners, Pharmacists, Physician Associates)Clinically led, by you and the other GPsWide range of learning and teaching opportunitiesInvestors in people accreditedYour role4 - 8 sessionsClinically-focussed position with reduced adminChoice of how to work your day, either traditional face-to-face appointments, or telephone triage, or a mixture of the twoVery low home-visiting (about 1 per week)Realistic workload!The benefits - Returning to a clinically-based role£8,750 - £9,500 per session (experience dependent)Full indemnity cover paid by the practiceNHS pension6 weeks' leave + 1 week study leaveClinical progression encouraged and supportedFor further details, please 'apply' now. You'll then be contacted by one of our specialist consultants, who will provide you with further details about the role. We will not send your details to a surgery without your expressed consent to do so. If you would like to talk, please apply now. We look forward to speaking with you! "	"Harringay, United Kingdom"	"Healthcare"	NA	"£10,500 (experience dependent) + indemnity paid in full + 6 weeks annual leave + 1 week study leave"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"Menlo Park Recruitment"	"JSCE727F61/592626483"	"02/12/2018 11:02:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEXO"	NA
"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"GBP"	"Westminster, London"	"Permanent"	"Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant"	"Westminster, London - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant!WE NEED VOLUNTEER GRADUATE TEACHING ASSISTANTS!Do you have an Undergraduate Degree?Do you live within City of Westminster?Do you need to further your experience in a School?Do you have 5 days available?An impressive one-form entry Primary School in the vibrant City of Westminster is seeking Graduates for their Volunteer Programme.Seeking Graduates with a Degree of 2.1 or above they are offering candidates 5 days of volunteer work within their School. This experience will, and can, offer a fantastic insight into the classroom and be a great way for an aspiring teacher to get hands-on experience with students. Ideal for Graduates who will be seeking a long term teaching assistant position, this can be a great way to \"get your foot in the door\" and receive an outstanding reference to assist your application.Being flexible in year groups they are ideally seeking Graduates for their Key Stage 2 classes; Years 3 to 6. You will be able to experience how a School runs day to day and the full responsibilities of a teaching assistant. Only going into the School for 5 days you will gain knowledge and confidence within the space of just one week - which will then help you in securing a long term TA role.To be considered you must have:An Undergraduate Degree - ideally within the last 4 yearsA bright, bubbly and friendly personalityThe drive to become a Teacher or work with children in your future careerOne week, Monday to Friday availabilityIdeally located within City of Westminster, or within commutable distance of the City of WestminsterTo be considered please send your CV at Academics. DO NOT MISS THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO BOOST YOUR CV.  Volunteer Graduate Teaching Assistant - find out more about why this could be perfect for you! .education and training, education and training, education and training"	"Westminster, London, UK"	"Education, Community"	NA	"GBP"	"Academics Ltd"	"Academics Ltd"	"JSBB321344/583700114"	"01/12/2018 11:08:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzyL"	"Graduate"
"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"London, United Kingdom"	"Permanent"	"Lecturer - Multi Skills - Kings Cross Centre X2"	"London, United Kingdom - 48259.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"The College of North West London is a constituent college of the United Colleges Group (UCG), which was formed by the merger of CNWL with City of Westminster College.  UCG is based at the heart of the education sector in London. With both Colleges within the group having received a Good rating in their most recent Ofsted inspections, and with a combined turnover of c£50m, the Group has both the ambition and strength to create a lasting difference in the local communities it serves, and beyond.  This role will entail teaching generic construction skills and will cover various aspects such as Carpentry, Plumbing, Tiling, Plastering and/or Bricklaying and Electrical Installations so we are looking for a qualified teacher who has a vocational background in one of these areas with the ability to teach in all or a majority of the others at Level 1.   With extensive experience, you should be proud of the skills and the knowledge you have and want to share them with dedicated and hardworking students.   Qualified to NVQ Level 3 you'll be aware of what is required in the subject area and how best to deliver the courses.  Preparing course material and leading practical activities, you'll help our students achieve to the highest possible levels.  Whilst a teaching qualification is preferred, if you don't already have a teaching qualification we can help you get one.  This position offers 40 days paid annual leave per year plus public holidays, Occupational pension plan.Closing Date: 6th January 2019  This College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff to share this commitment. Successful candidates will be required to obtain a satisfactory enhanced criminal record disclosure.  "	"London, United Kingdom"	"Education"	NA	"48259.00 Annual GBP"	"United Colleges Group"	"United Colleges Group"	"JS4513_68786/592709329"	"01/12/2018 11:04:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkzsR"	NA
"Care & Learning Support Assistant - Much Hadham"	"GBP"	"Much Hadham, Hertfordshire"	"Permanent"	"Care & Learning Support Assistant - Much Hadham"	"Much Hadham, Hertfordshire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Care & Learning Support Assistant An inspirational place to care & do great work! Do you want to make 2019 the most rewarding year yet? Our client is a hidden gem located within 68 acres of beautiful Hertfordshire parkland between the towns of Harlow and Bishops Stortford. They manage a specialist Children's Home, School, College, Residential Home with nursing and Day Centre for people with Epilepsy and other complex needs. Position: Care & Learning Support Assistant (College) Location: Perry Green, Much Hadham, Hertfordshire (Commutable from Bishop's Stortford, Harlow, Saffron Walden, Stevenage, St Albans and surrounding areas) Job type: Full Time, Permanent Salary: £17,825 to £20,643 pa plus weekend enhancements and overtime opportunities Benefits: Opportunity to pursue recognised qualifications; Fabulous staff development; Free on-site parking; Subsidised restaurant; High Street retail/leisure discounts; Generous holidays; Discounted gym membership; Life assurance. Closing Date: 27 December 2018 About the role: They need people to support their adult learners at their on-site College by helping them to develop their learning skills as well as developing their independence in well-equipped on-site bungalows. Working as part of an amazing team across an educational and care environment you will be supporting learning, providing personal care, helping their residents to set objectives, recording their progress and celebrating milestones with them. About you: If you are an excellent communicator with a caring nature who is resilient, patient with a desire to enable others and make a positive difference to people's lives then they want to hear from you. They want to help you help others. If you are new to care, they offer comprehensive training and will support you in achieving your Level 2 in Health and Social Care. Offers are subject to pre-employment checks including an enhanced DBS check paid for by the centre. You may have experience of the following: Care & Learning Support Assistant, Learning Support Assistant, Teaching Assistant, Youth Worker, Special Education Needs, Social Worker, Learning Support, PGCE, Mentor, Tutor, Teacher, LSA, Special Needs, SEN, Support Worker, Teaching etc. "	"Much Hadham, Hertfordshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"EasyWeb NFP"	"EasyWeb NFP"	"JS407F03548BF3/599557772"	"07/12/2018 09:09:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2o3"	NA
"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Twickenham, London"	"Unspecified"	"Day to Day and Cover Supervisors - Richmond £120-£150 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Friday, 7 December 2018"	""	"Teaching Personnel are currently working with a great deal of schools across Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow! Due to the nature of the schools and their requirements they are seeking teachers to work on a supply basis. This can range from Day to Day bookings in various schools throughout the week in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow or more on going positions for either part/full time. We aim to keep teachers within a close radius of their preferred area to ensure you would be working in local schools and decrease travel time. If you're looking at reducing your workload with an opportunity to view a wide range of new schools this could be the perfect opportunity for you. QTS ISN'T a must along with experience of teaching within the primary age ranges alongside a strong understanding of the UK curriculum. We are looking to recruit teachers from across the subject board for Secondary schools in Twickenham, Kingston and Hounslow. Teaching Personnel can offer you: Fantastic Rates of Pay (£120 - £150 day to day and higher for other bookings!)Advance notice of work (if doing daily supply)Working with the leading consultants in the industry who have expertise in Education.Professional Development workshops with ex Headteachers.Honest, experienced, reliable service from the UK's Education Agency. If you are keen to find out more about this position, please email a copy of your CV to Conor at Teaching Personnel on for a quick turnaround and secure work!All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"120.00 - 150.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36558366/599209525"	"07/12/2018 09:03:27"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gl2jo"	NA
"Holiday Jobs - Drive for Lyft, Make $1400 in your First Month, Guarant"	"1400.00 Annual GBP"	"Wales"	"Permanent"	"Holiday Jobs - Drive for Lyft, Make $1400 in your First Month, Guarant"	"Wales - 1400.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"What is Lyft? Lyft matches drivers with passengers who request rides through the Lyft smartphone app. Signing up to be a Lyft driver is the perfect opportunity for you to set your own schedule and be your own boss while earning extra money. Apply to drive today and start offsetting the costs of your car, covering this month's bills, or funding your dreams! Why Lyft? Keep All of Your Tips: Earn tips from your passengers and keep all of it -100% Make More Money: Prime Time pricing during peak hours means more $ for you Receive Payment Weekly: Money is deposited directly into your account weekly Friendly Community: Our community is full of awesome, respectful people How Lyft Driving Works Step 1: Open the app and turn on \"driver\" mode Step 2: Accept a passenger ride request Step 3: Pick up your passenger at their location Step 4: Drop off your passenger at their destination *Once the ride has completed, payment is processed automatically and you're ready for your next ride! Driver Requirements You're at least 21 years old You have a 4-door from 2004 or newer You own an iPhone or Android smartphone You have a clean driving record and auto insurance This opportunity is for an independent contractor. Driving with Lyft is perfect for a those looking for entry level work, contract work, part-time work, hourly work, seasonal work, temporary work,or for those looking for a flexible full time or part time opportunity. Be your own boss, hours are completely flexible - drive mornings, evenings, weekdays or weekends. Drive when you want, Drive more to earn more. Drive parttime or fulltime-it is your choice! You can also cash out instantly. No previous experience as a transportation driver, truck driver, taxi driver, shuttle driver, courier driver or delivery driver is necessary. We welcome those who have driven with other peer-to-peer ridesharing networks or on-demand jobs, gigs, opportunities such as Uber, Uber X, Uber Eats, Uber Pool, Uber XL, Uber Black, or other services like Amazon, Amazon Fresh, Amazon Flex, Caviar, Door Dash, Eat24, Favor, Google Express, GrubHub, Handy, Instacart, Luxe, Munchery, OrderAhead, Peach, Postmates, Seamless, Sprig, Shyp, Washio, Wingz, Gett, Juno, Flywheel, DoorDash, FedEx, UPS, or USPS. Our drivers come from all backgrounds, industries, job, gig, internship types ranging from driving to retail, customer service, creative industries and general labor. If you are an actor, actress, admin, agency, artist, assistant, barista, bartender, broker, bus driver, cab driver, cashier, chauffeur, cleaner, college student, customer service agent, chef, contract worker, cook, courier, designer, dishwasher, dog walker, driver, entrepreneurs, fitness trainer, food prep, food services, freelancer, handyman, hostess, insurance broker, instructor, intern, janitor, maid, maintenance, messenger, manager, management, musician, maid, office assistant, office administrator, photographer, private hire, professional driver, realtor, retail associate, sales associate, sales person, security, server, students, teacher, tutor, valet, veteran, waiter, waitress who is looking for a flexible part-time, Full time or summer gig, apply to drive with Lyft to supplement your income this summer! "	"Wales, UK"	"Hospitality"	NA	"1400.00 Annual GBP"	"Lyft"	"Lyft"	"JS24EF20AD2822A51EE5E908D47BF25305D9821CADE173E4F4BB/598490346"	"06/12/2018 09:05:07"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlwXV"	"Graduate"
"Social Action Project Co-ordinator"	"GBP"	"Liverpool"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Social Action Project Co-ordinator"	"Liverpool - GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"The Liverpool Football Club Foundation is the official charity of Liverpool Football Club. We raise funds, develop partnerships and deliver high impact programmes that engage young people through their passion for Liverpool Football Club and football, helping them to improve their health, skills and life chances.We are proud of our work to date, engaging thousands of children and young people each year, however we have ambitious plans for the future - our vision is to be the leading football foundation that transforms young people's lives.THE ROLE:As Social Action Project Co-ordinator will support the delivery of the LFC Foundation's exciting new £1m #iwill social action programme in primary and secondary schools in the Liverpool area. The successful candidate will develop pupils' life skills and empower them to make a difference in their local community through social action. Key responsibilities will also include: Deliver 'train the trainer' courses to teachers to enable them to support more pupils to take part in social action Ensure the safeguarding of pupils at all times Deliver high quality engaging personal development sessions to pupils aged 10 -14 years old Facilitate social action activities with pupils, including ensuring all necessary procedures including risk assessments have been completed Develop high quality curriculum materials for pupils and teachers Build lasting relationships with teachers and the local community Coordinate a youth panel Coordinate a teacher champions network Create pathways for young people to transition into other programmes such as NCS Capture data in line with the project's KPIs and outcomes Record data on LFC Foundation's database Provide content for LFC Foundation social media Support other Foundation programmes and activities as requiredTHE PERSON: The successful candidate will have the following experience, skills and attributes: Experience of working with young people in a school environment Experience of empowering young people to make a difference Unquestionable passion for young people  A passionate and empathetic approach to their work Experience of stakeholder management and working in collaboration A self-starter who enjoys working as part of a team  Sound understanding of the challenges faced by schools and/or their students Experience of developing curriculum materialsThis position is offered on a 3 year fixed term contract subject to funding and involves working 35 hours per week, 5 from 7 days with some weekend work required. The role is based at Anfield Sports Community Centre, Liverpool however the post holder will also be required to work from other locations across Merseyside. The three year project is joint funded by the Big Lottery and the LFC Foundation. "	"Liverpool, UK"	"Community"	NA	"GBP"	"The LFC Foundation"	"The LFC Foundation"	"JS608852/598345378"	"06/12/2018 07:08:55"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvKv"	NA
"SEND Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream School"	"65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"SEND Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream School"	"Slough, Berkshire - 65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Thursday, 6 December 2018"	""	"SEND Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream School The Special Needs Department at Engage are currently recruiting an LSA to join a school in Slough with a SEND provision catering for SEN students. The role is due to start immediately on a full time, basis and the successful candidate will work within the mainstream classes and the specialist provision. This particular position will incorporate the following: Supporting students with mixed abilities and special needs (1:1 & small groups)Supporting students with challenging behaviourSupporting students with Autism, ADHD, Dyslexia, Specific Learning DifficultiesWe are looking an ambitious, forward thinking LSA who enjoys the challenges and triumphs of working with students with SEND. Engage Education are a widely recognised, award winning education recruitment company. We pride ourselves on our high levels of customer service and professional development that we offer our teachers and support staff. We: Offer an excellent 'refer a friend' scheme that pays you £150 for each candidate you refer to us after they have worked and been paid for their first 10 daysPay in line with the Agency Worker Regulations (AWR) meaning you will be paid equally to a permanent employeeEnsure that you will have your own dedicated consultant who will provide ongoing support and guidanceGive you access for a wide range of CPD training through our in-house team of experienced senior leadersApplication Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please either apply below or contact Engage Education directly. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	"65.00 - 75.00 Annual GBP"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36531676/597179998"	"06/12/2018 07:03:30"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlvFX"	NA
"Senior Lecturer in Physician Associate Studies"	"54853.00 - 61311.00 Annual leave, pension scheme and interest-free season ticket loan GBP"	"London"	"Permanent"	"Senior Lecturer in Physician Associate Studies"	"London - 54853.00 - 61311.00 Annual leave, pension scheme and interest-free season ticket loan GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Institute of Health Sciences Education Centre for Medical Education Senior Lecturer MSc Physician Associate Programme  This post sits within the Institute of Health Sciences Education at Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry (SMD), part of Queen Mary University of London (QMUL). The SMD is a leading medical and dental school that offers international levels of excellence in research and teaching as well as providing clinical service for a population of unrivalled ethnic diversity in east London and the wider Thames Gateway. Further information can be found at . We aim to attract the brightest and most able students, from diverse backgrounds, who will contribute to the success of the North East London Health Economy and beyond. We aim to innovate in the field of PA education, support the incorporation of PAs into the UK medical workforce and contribute to the wider development of medical education. We are now nearing the graduation of our first cohort of students and looking to a number of individuals with an educational background and experience within a healthcare setting to work with us in the delivery of the MSc in Physician Associate Studies as it expands and increases its student numbers in 2019. They will be part of the faculty aiming to be a leader in Physician Associate education in the UK as well as build an international reputation for PA education. One of these key posts is a full time Senior Lecturer designed for an experienced educator wishing to take part in curriculum development, leading and developing their own module(s) as well as supporting and supervising those of other team members. It is expected that the successful candidate will take on line management responsibilities. This is an excellent opportunity for individuals to hone their educational skills within an excelling university environment, whilst simultaneously acquiring an in depth understanding of the potential future role PAs will play in the NHS. The successful candidate will be an experienced enthusiastic teacher with significant module lead experience and an appetite for educational challenges. They will have opportunity to develop areas of the curriculum according to their own interests that are compatible with national guidance.  This is a full time permanent appointment, starting salary from £54,853 - £61,311, including London Allowance. Benefits include 30 days' annual leave, pension scheme and interest-free season ticket loan. Candidates must be able to demonstrate their eligibility to work in the UK in accordance with the Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006. Where required this may include entry clearance or continued leave to remain under the Points Based Immigration Scheme. Details about the school can be found at our website. To apply and for full job details including a job description and person specification please visit our website via the button below and search for reference QMUL16952 Application enquiries can be directed via email. The closing date for all applications is 10 th December 2018.  Valuing Diversity & Committed to Equality  "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"54853.00 - 61311.00 Annual leave, pension scheme and interest-free season ticket loan GBP"	"QUEEN MARY UNIVERSITY OF LONDON"	"QUEEN MARY UNIVERSITY OF LONDON"	"JS3573_6818140/592930326"	"05/12/2018 17:28:50"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glplq"	NA
"Learning Support/College-Link Mentor"	"Dependent upon experience GBP"	"Surrey"	"Permanent"	"Learning Support/College-Link Mentor"	"Surrey - Dependent upon experience GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Blossom House is an Ofsted-rated \"Outstanding\" specialist school for children aged 3 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Although many of the children have some associated difficulties such as fine motor problems or poor organisational skills, they are all within the average range of cognitive abilities. Learning Support/College-Link Mentor We have an exciting opportunity for a confident, enthusiastic individual with a passion for learning and excellent inter-personal skills to join our team as a Learning Support/College-Link Mentor, supporting children who have speech, language and communication difficulties. The Post-16 provision is a specialist 6 th form college for students aged 16 - 19 years of age with speech, language and communication difficulties. Upper House Post-16 is a unique provision as it is tailored, as much as possible, to cater for each student's individual needs. The department consists of Teachers, Speech and Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists and Teaching Assistants. Place of work: Learning Support/College-Link Mentor support is provided to children who attend Blossom House School in New Malden, and also when they attend their Post-16 Colleges, which include Nescot, Kingston, South Thames College and various other colleges. The Mentors are expected to travel to the various colleges as required as their normal place of work. Range of Support required: It is also expected that Learning Support/College-Link Mentor will be able to provide support across a range of subjects and will be able to work independently as peripatetic staff at the various colleges, ensuring that they build good relationships with college staff. The Learning Support/College-Link Mentor role involves supporting children, assisting the class teacher, therapists and lecturers, helping to maintain the learning environments and assisting with administration.  We offer: A supportive working environment in a newly refurbished building at Blossom House School. Good links with Post-16 colleges and regular contact with the school. The opportunity to work 1-1 with children where possible. Support from an enthusiastic and dedicated team of Therapy staff and Teachers who will work alongside you when in the classroom at school. Our Speech & Language Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapist, Art Therapists, Music Therapists aim to maximise each child's potential in a nurturing and supportive environment. Continued professional development. Great staff benefits and a friendly nurturing environment. The ideal candidate will have: Confidence, enthusiasm and a passion for learning. Excellent English skills (clear written and spoken English) along with good reading, writing and numeracy skills. The ability to build good working relationships in a proactive and confident manner with children, teachers, lecturers and college staff, parents and carers Experience of working with children with Special Education Needs (SEN), particularly children on the Autism Spectrum. The ability to manage a small group of children with complex social communication needs. The ability to promote positive behaviour in a nurturing environment is essential. The ability to support students in a wide range of subjects. Adaptability and the ability to travel independently to the various college sites and work independently at the various sites. Good administrative and organisational skills. Emotional Resilience and the ability to identify opportunities to prevent issues from escalating by involving the necessary team members and implementing appropriate action plans in a timely manner. Qualifications preferred include GCSE, CACHE Diploma Level 3 in Child Development or equivalent qualification. The role is a Permanent, Term-Time role Monday to Friday (8:30 - 17:00) (approx. 36-39 teaching weeks per annum - depending on college timetables)  Actual Annual salary: Dependent upon experience  To Start: As soon as possible  Closing Date: Friday, 7 th December 2018 Applicants will need to complete an application form detailing how they meet the requirements of the person specification. "	"Surrey, UK"	"Education"	NA	"Dependent upon experience GBP"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"BLOSSOM HOUSE SCHOOL"	"JS3573_6817663/592930474"	"05/12/2018 16:53:09"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlpUP"	NA
"SEN teaching assistant - experience required"	"55.00 - 65.00 Annual GBP"	"London"	"Unspecified"	"SEN teaching assistant - experience required"	"London - 55.00 - 65.00 Annual GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"SEN experienced teaching assistant required - Must have previous experience supporting students with special educational needs.  Teaching assistant with previous SEN experience? Looking to dedicate yourself to a full time position in an academically excellent school? If so look no further... The school: Teaching Personnel are recruiting on behalf of an excellent school based in Ealing. It is a school that has grown in numerous ways over the past 5 years, including an expanding SEN department and strong senior management. It is crucial to the school that all members of staff embrace and support the ethos of social acceptance and progression, they pride themselves on supporting every student - including adapting the curriculum to each child's needs.  The role: This role will require possible candidates to provide one to one support to a year 5 student with multiple special educational needs, which will require a candidate to have strong behaviour management. One to one support will be a huge part of the day, ensuring that the pupil is focused, happy within the class and reduce the chance of any disruptive behaviour. It will require planning/adapting lessons/activities to suit their ability and needs and monitoring their progression to provide suitable feedback.  The ideal candidate:  Must have experience supporting pupils with special educational needsAt least 1 years classroom experienceA valid DBSThe school is easily accessible by numerous train and bus services, it is a 10 minute bus journey from Ealing Broadway station and is connected by numerous bus lines, including the E2 and E9.  If you are interested in this role contact Holly by sending your CV or you can call on .  All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. For Support staff our minimum requirement is GCSE E.n.g.l.i.s.h & M.a.t.h.s (A-C) or equivalent. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. Privacy Notice "	"London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"55.00 - 65.00 Annual GBP"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36524598/596908721"	"05/12/2018 14:33:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GloCY"	NA
"Curriculum Leader - Digital Futures, Interactive Media and Computer Ga"	"31945.00 - 37225.00 Weekly e annum GBP"	"Hereford, Herefordshire"	"Permanent"	"Curriculum Leader - Digital Futures, Interactive Media and Computer Ga"	"Hereford, Herefordshire - 31945.00 - 37225.00 Weekly e annum GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Curriculum Leader - Digital Futures, Interactive Media and Computer Games Design £31,945 - £37,225 per annum Full Time Based: Hereford Hereford College of Arts is a vibrant, dedicated arts college with a specialist focus on art, media, design, popular music and performing arts. The curriculum includes undergraduate and postgraduate degrees alongside a range of Further Education programmes and a wide-ranging short course programme. Our mission is to empower creativity and enrich our world through transformative arts education. We are proud of our track record but have ambitious plans to develop and grow. Hereford city and the wider region are also full of ambition with a new engineering university in development and Herefordshire Cultural Partnership galvanising arts and collaboration across the region. We are rooted in an exceptional place and connected to the world. We are looking for an exceptional individual to join our Further Education Management Team as a Curriculum Leader for Digital Futures and Interactive Media. Digital Futures and Interactive Media is a new curriculum area for the college, expecting its first cohort of college level (level 3) Diploma Students in September 2019. This is a really challenging and exciting opportunity for an exceptional individual to lead, develop and shape this new provision into a truly innovative and inspiring curriculum. You will be an excellent teacher and communicator with a high level of knowledge in at least one of the following areas: Immersive digital technologies; interactive media; computing and digital development; computer games design and development. You will be a highly motivated individual who is an organised and proactive leader with knowledge and expertise in the digital industries, Working closely with the Head of Further Education you will be responsible for the recruitment, design, development and leadership of this new curriculum area, ensuring it is ready for the first ever cohort starting in September 2019. For further information visit the website via the button below or for an application pack please telephone Reception on . Closing date for applications: Noon Monday 10 th December 2018  Interviews will be held on: Tuesday 18 th December 2018   The College is an Equal Opportunities employer and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people. All posts are subject to an Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service check.   "	"Hereford, Herefordshire, UK"	"Media"	NA	"31945.00 - 37225.00 Weekly e annum GBP"	"HEREFORD COLLEGE OF ARTS"	"HEREFORD COLLEGE OF ARTS"	"JS3573_6811223/577939586"	"05/12/2018 14:21:59"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln6J"	"Graduate"
"Science Technician - Secondary mainstream - Bromley"	"GBP"	"Bromley, Kent"	"Permanent"	"Science Technician - Secondary mainstream - Bromley"	"Bromley, Kent - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Ofsted rated Good school with outstanding behaviour Secondary School located in the borough of Bromley, is currently recruiting for a full time Science Technician. This is a full time & permanent post to commence immediately.Located within leafy Bromley, this exceptional & successful school essentially pride themselves on their academically driven, ambitious and articulate students. Students essentially know what is to be expected of them and want to learn and very passionate about their education. They have an open door policy at his school where all classrooms doors are open and you can hear a 'pin drop', so very well behaved students. Inspiring Head with a excellent successful record and great vision for the school. Additionally outstanding & solid Senior Leadership Team (SLT) with exemplary service and experience. This Bromley Secondary School teach through the Key Stages up to their exceptionally run sixth form. Teaching at this school is a minimum of a Good with outstanding features & all new teaching staff must be able to maintain this.As such they are looking for a mainstream secondary school experience. The successful science technician/Lab technician will have a minimum of 6 months experience in either a secondary school or Secondary Teacher. Due to the type of school with academically driven students, the successful science technician/lab technician must have a strong STEM background and experience with all the sciences. As such they require someone who will compliment the department well in this lab technician/Science Technician post. UK Science DegreeMinimum of 6 months UK Secondary School Experience Must have experience in either a UK Secondary school or Secondary School as a Science TechnicianMust be able to offer all sciences at GCSE and A LevelSetting up equipment and resources for practical lessonsStrong STEM background and subject knowledge as a science technicianCleaning up the lab after experimentsAvailable part time for this lab technician postDedicated and consistent secondary science technician who is proactive and hard working"	"Bromley, Kent, UK"	"Science"	NA	"GBP"	"Servoca Education"	"Servoca Education"	"JSB2365E38/581960939"	"05/12/2018 14:19:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gln4p"	NA
"Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant"	"GBP"	"Manchester"	"Unspecified"	"Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant"	"Manchester - GBP"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Wednesday, 5 December 2018"	""	"Behaviour and Learning Support AssistantBehaviour and Learning Support Assistant - Mainstream Primary School - Manchester Have you recently graduated from university with a core subject or Psychology degree, and are eager to begin your teaching career inside a warm and supportive Primary School?Do you have the necessary subject knowledge and communication skills to work with and develop the subject knowledge of children with additional behavioural needs?Would you like the opportunity of gaining key learning methods and techniques working alongside an experienced and committed SEN unit as a Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant?This 'Good' Primary school in the heart of Manchester city centre is looking for a passionate and motivated core subject or psychology graduate, wanting to begin their teaching career inside a warm and supportive SEN unit as a Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant.Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant --Work inside supportive and ambitious secondary school as Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant-Organise and conduct own 1:1 and small group sessions-Gain experience from inside experienced SEN and core subject department-Ideal teaching experience before progressing into teacher training-Work with additional behavioural needs pupils as Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant-Opportunity to progress into teacher training-Work under fantastic Senior Leadership TeamRole Requirements --Minimum 2:2 core subject or Psychology degree (other subjects considered) -Ability to display core subject knowledge and teaching techniques as a Behaviour and Learning Support Assistant-Passion to develop and enhance students education-Good communication skills-Ability to control and overcome challenging situationsBy registering with Tradewind, you will benefit from: *Top rates of pay through our attraction of the best education talent *More training and development than any other agency - which is why we can offer you more certified CPD courses than any other education recruitment agency, 25 to be exact! That's 18 more than our next nearest competitor *A generous referral scheme - recommend a friend and earn a reward *Full interview preparation and assistance - so you're fully prepped and confident, increasing your chances of success *Help with lesson planning - our support doesn't stop once we've secured you a placement *A straightforward Online Portal for your timesheets and log your availability *Free social and networking events to get to know your peers and consultants Tradewind Recruitment is a Sunday Times Top 100 employer - stopping at nothing to ensure our candidates, clients and employees come first. At Tradewind, you will have access to 25 fully certified CPD courses, that's 18 more than our next nearest competitor, all focused on making you the best you can be. We have the very best people available to take your call and look after you every step of the way. We pride ourselves on exceptional service and take the time to really get to know you. Put simply; we listen, we learn, we deliver. Why? Because our people matter most. We specialise in matching Teachers and Support Staff to their dream job, and help Primary, Secondary and SEN schools recruit for a wide range of roles across our 11 offices in the UK, including: London, the West Midlands, the North West, East Anglia, the North East, the South West, Yorkshire, the Midlands, Herts and Bucks. Awarded REC Audited Education gold standard - Tradewind Recruitment are committed to Safeguarding and are also a proud Equal Opportunities Employer."	"Manchester, UK"	"Education"	NA	"GBP"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT"	"JS3561_36744997/592833328"	"05/12/2018 10:50:26"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlmJu"	"Graduate"
"Behaviour Mentor - Slough"	""	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Behaviour Mentor - Slough"	"Slough, Berkshire"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Tuesday, 4 December 2018"	""	"Engage Education is looking for a behaviour mentor to work in a school who educates young people aged 11 to 19 who have challenging and complex Social, Emotional, and Mental Health difficulties (SEMH) or medical needs. They are seeking Sports Coach Mentors/Behaviour Mentors to work at their Pupil Referral Unit in Slough. Their mentors support the learning, achievement and development of pupils with social, emotional, mental health and behavioural difficulties. As Behaviour Mentor/Sports Coach Mentor, you will play a key role in supporting teachers by mentoring young, disaffected people with challenging behaviour. Additionally, you will provide additional support for offsite activities, personal development and sports programmes. Behaviour Mentor/Sports Coach Mentors Experience of working with young people who are disadvantaged or who find a mainstream school environment challenging would be advantageous. This may have been in a mentor, teaching assistant, or other support role. You need to be confident and engaging with excellent interpersonal skills, so you can motivate children and colleagues. It is also essential that you have: Some experience of working with children/young people in either youth work or a school settingExperience of working with challenging and vulnerable young peopleGood numeracy and communication skills (both written and verbal)Application Process Do you feel you meet the criteria for this exciting opportunity? If so, please apply below. All applicants will require the appropriate qualification and training for this role. For teacher roles, we require a formally recognised teaching qualification. If you are not contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately, you have been unsuccessful for this role. However, we will keep your CV and continue to help you in your search for a job within education. Engage Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. By applying for this role, you are consenting to Engage Education Ltd storing your personal details in our fully encrypted database, in line with the new GDPR requirements. "	"Slough, Berkshire, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Engage Partners Limited"	"Engage Partners Limited"	"JS3561_36676063/587179829"	"04/12/2018 16:08:56"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Glb7n"	NA
"Graduate teaching assistant - Twickenham £60 - £80 a day"	"60.00 - 80.00/day"	"Twickenham, London"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Graduate teaching assistant - Twickenham £60 - £80 a day"	"Twickenham, London - 60.00 - 80.00/day"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"I have a school looking for graduates to join their future teachers program. They would be expected to work Full time on a long term basis. The school is highly rated by Ofsted, noting it has strong and decisive leadership. They look to develop their own staff and are looking for eager graduates, keen to learn and take on additional responsibility. Although they nurture young teachers, they have high expectations. It is a friendly working environment at this school and they are looking for someone to join their personable and hard-working team. UK Qualified Graduates Details about the role are below: UK qualified graduates in any subjectThere would be no expectation of experience working in schoolsThe school is rated highly by Ofsted gaining an \"outstanding\" ratingFull-time role: 5 days a week, 8:30am - 3:30pmPay ranges from £60-80 a-day depending on experience and qualificationsThere is an option of temporary and permanent rolesA 7 minute walk from Fulwell station in TwickenhamThe Role This role is for graduates aspiring to become fully qualified teachers. The available position would be a fantastic opportunity for any eager maths and science candidate with strong aspirations. The school understand the need for a good work-life balance. The successful candidate would be expected to work hard during working hours, ensuring all work is completed and to the best the of the specific candidates ability. However, the leadership understand the importance of time to recharge and relax, as it makes for healthier and happier teachers. The September start date for this role has interviews for these roles starting next week and continuing throughout the summer. Although the roles do not start till September, this school would like to find suable candidates as soon as possible. If you are interested in this specific role please apply to this ad. Other similar roles are available for candidates who are interested in exciting new roles this September. The incoming teacher would be expected to work 8:30am till 3:30pm, 5 days a week as a Full time role. The school are searching for candidates who are able to engage students and build a rapport. The ideal candidate will encourage the students to become excited by their education and learning. Planning and conducting lessons would be expected, along with marking students work and providing feedback for them to build on. Experience working with SEN, languages or extra-curricular activities would be welcome. The School The school is located near Twickenham and has a focus on high achievement and standards, which is not limited to the students. By having an entire school working towards the same objective and adhering to the ethos and beliefs of the school, the children are immersed and begin to push themselves. Ofsted have rated the school as \"outstanding\" as it has a strong leadership team who ensure their staff have everything the need and help where ever they can. They not only look to strengthen their facilities, but also develop their staff. Any eager graduate would gain a wealth of knowledge and experience for working in a school of such standards. \"All students are very well prepared for their future lives, whatever their chosen paths.\" Location The school is accessible via Fulwell station and is a 7 minute walk. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay. Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided."	"Twickenham, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"60.00 - 80.00/day"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"Teaching Personnel Ltd"	"JS3561_36640742/578782431"	"03/12/2018 13:14:38"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlPHY"	"Graduate"
"Pensions Administrator"	"£16-18k"	"Huntingdon"	"Unspecified"	"Pensions Administrator"	"Huntingdon - £16-18k"	"Unspecified"	"Posted: Monday, 3 December 2018"	""	"Job Title: Pensions AdministratorLocation: HuntingdonSalary: £16-18kBenefits: As well as providing a supportive and friendly work environment, they also offer the following perks: CIPP Scheme (Certificate Institute of pay roll & pensions),Clear career Pathway with support and funding for professional developmentBUPA cash planGenerous pension schemeGenerous annual leave entitlementNon-contractual annual bonusChildcare vouchersCycle to work schemeFree, regular health and wellbeing assessmentsCharity fundraising eventsCompany socialsOur Client is Based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, and established in 1993, they are a specialist provider of HR and Payroll services. Employing almost 170 people, they are regarded as the most experienced and knowledgeable provider of these services, with c.1,300 education sector customers. Their culture is unique and is based upon its motivated and passionate staff, and as a result, they ensure they put their people first and allow them to flourish and grow. Their performance in the market has been, and continues to be, exceptional, resulting in significant growth year after year. The Company's plan for the future is to continue this growth, increasing our geographical reach and consider expanding the services offered.As a Pensions Administrator your key responsibilities will include:   Process data and edit, revise and produce letters, tables and reports as requested.To provide outstanding support across the organisation assisting colleagues to deliver expert administration in a timely and effective manner whilst maintaining the highest levels of confidentiality and integrity.Responsible for completing pension administration for differing pension authorities to comply with monthly and annual reporting requirements; including notifications of new starters, contractual variations and leaver notifications.Support Payroll colleagues with basic administration for their portfolio of schools.Analyse monthly data reports and update teacher and support records.Scan and file appropriate correspondence as requested.Attend and participate in regular team meetings and training to keep up to date with current policies and procedures and other relevant guidance.As a successful Pensions Administrator, you will have the following skills and experience:  5 Grade 4 to 9 GCSE's including Maths and English or equivalentAbility to establish working relationships and credibilityAbility to prioritise and work well under pressureGood ICT skills including use of Microsoft office, particularly Microsoft Excel and WordAbility to communicate effectively both verbally and in writingAbility to use initiative and work independently where requiredDesirable:  Experience of working in a customer focused environmentPrevious administration experienceAbility to demonstrate sound proofreading and editing skills to create high quality documentation "	"Huntingdon, UK"	"Finance, Office and Admin"	NA	"£16-18k"	"The Talent Group"	"The Talent Group"	"JS3561_36748334/592837776"	"03/12/2018 07:41:02"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlKSg"	NA
"Maths NQT (September 2019)"	"29664.00 Annual GBP"	"Ealing, London"	"Permanent"	"Maths NQT (September 2019)"	"Ealing, London - 29664.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Maths NQT (September 2019) We are looking for an exceptional Maths NQT to join a brilliant Secondary School based within the London Borough of Ealing. An Ofsted outstanding school with a thriving sixth form you will be joining an effective school with great career progression and development opportunities. The ideal Maths NQT will be someone who has a real passion for Mathematics and wants to engage students by providing them with excellent lessons that will inspire and motivate them in the subject. For the right Maths NQT, there may be a requirement to teach A Level however it is not essential. The school offers exceptional opportunities for professional development and you will be joining an incredibly talented team of teachers. Outcomes at both GCSE and A Level in the subject is extremely high and this is due to the passion and enthusiasm that the teachers have for their subject. If you are a Maths NQT and looking for an exciting teaching opportunity within a fantastic Secondary School, then we would like to hear from you. Maths NQT/Mathematics Teacher. September 2019 Start Date. London Borough of Ealing. Permanent Teaching Post. Outstanding School. To apply for this exciting opportunity as a Maths NQT then please send a copy of your CV/Personal Statement today to be considered. "	"Ealing, London, UK"	"Education"	NA	"29664.00 Annual GBP"	"The NQT Partnership"	"The NQT Partnership"	"JS3573_6809132/574329755"	"02/12/2018 13:06:21"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEyB"	NA
"New Partnerships Manager"	"20k Annual with uncapped commission (OTE 32k) GBP"	"Bristol"	"Permanent"	"New Partnerships Manager"	"Bristol - 20k Annual with uncapped commission (OTE 32k) GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"Introduction Maths with Parents is an award-winning social enterprise that supports maths at home. We help parents and children to love learning maths together. Having evidenced that our project improves outcomes across 50 schools we are now growing with the aim of supporting tens of thousands of parents through hundreds of schools across the UK. We are recruiting a New Partnerships Manager to join our rapidly evolving social enterprise. As New Partnerships Manager you will bring new partner schools on board and support our current partners to make the most of our support. You will work to continue our rapid growth, allowing us to maximise our impact with more children, parents and schools. You will be joining our social enterprise at an early stage, so will work closely with the CEO and the Programme Director to develop our online platform to drive real social change. About Maths with Parents  Half of children from the poorest backgrounds do not reach the expected standard in maths at the end of primary school. Half. These children go on to underachieve at GCSE and are more likely to be unemployed as adults. Primary schools have made great steps forward in maths teaching in recent years, so why are the poorest children still underachieving? The answer lies outside the school gates: in low-income households parental engagement occurs less frequently, is less targeted and overall is less effective than in higher income households (Kalil, 2014). Children often tell us how much they enjoy maths at school, but many of these same kids go home and are told \"I've always been rubbish at maths, so you will be too\" by their parents. Maths homework is a miserable chore in too many households, supported by parents who were never taught the new methods that their child learns. Maths with Parents works with primary schools to create a tailored package of support for the parents and children in every class. Every fortnight parents receive updates about what their child is currently learning, a short video in which kids explain how the maths is taught and fun activities to play together about this topic. Most importantly, these activities are fun! You won't find any worksheets or exam questions, just games, stories, dances, puzzles, adventures and more! It is our belief that Maths with Parents can normalize playing fun maths games at home. Parents read with their child, so why is there no maths equivalent? Our programme is changing attitudes to maths and has the potential to reach every household in the country. With our support we are convinced that every child can enjoy and succeed in maths. About the role As New Partnerships Manager you will work closely with the CEO and the Programme Director to drive the growth of Maths with Parents. As the organisation grows, we expect the role to evolve and there will be opportunities for progression. Initially your responsibilities will include: Securing sales meetings with schools and providing in-person demonstrations of the Maths with Parents platform Attending conferences and networking events to generate leads Meeting sales targets and a high resubscription rate Maintaining outstanding relationships with existing partner schools, which includes delivering in-person or remote support to ensure they make the most of the platform. Ensure that our CRM is kept up to date. Feedback from school conversations and provide input on proposed development plans and timelines. Travel - most days you will be out visiting prospective schools or working with partner schools you have previously organised to meet Depending on the needs of the organisation, your role is likely to evolve over time. This role requires someone who is motivated to work in a small team to develop the organisation and drive it forward. We are looking for someone who is willing to be a doer as well as a thinker; to strategise as well as to undertake the nuts and bolts as required. You will have to be as comfortable working with an individual teacher as speaking in front of a room of headteachers. The rewards of joining the organisation at this time are huge. Not only will you experience the fulfilment of enabling a small organisation to grow, but you will have a key role in deciding how the organisation grows. We are ambitious about the difference that we can make to the outcomes achieved by disadvantaged children Your skills  Essential : Exceptional communication skills - charming, compelling and a great listener Confidence selling to different stakeholders - teachers, maths leaders, headteachers and multi-academy trusts Enthusiasm for our vision and values Awareness of the challenges facing disadvantaged communities Desire to work innovatively, creatively and collaboratively A passion for making a difference Valid UK driving licence and access to a car  Desirable : Sales experience Understanding of the education sector Experience working with or in schools Experience working in a start-up organisation"	"Bristol, UK"	"Sales and Marketing, Education"	NA	"20k Annual with uncapped commission (OTE 32k) GBP"	"Maths with Parents"	"Maths with Parents"	"JS3573_6814416/583836612"	"02/12/2018 11:03:52"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlEX9"	NA
"Course Tutor, MA Culture, Criticism and Curation"	"38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"St. Martins, Shropshire"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Course Tutor, MA Culture, Criticism and Curation"	"St. Martins, Shropshire - 38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"Contract/Permanent"	"Posted: Sunday, 2 December 2018"	""	"We are looking for a researcher-teacher-practitioner to join the course team of MA Culture, Criticism and Curation. Founded in 2012, MA CCC works intensively with students to develop creative and critical curatorial practices through research, collaboration and innovative forms of exhibition-making. We position curating as a means of developing agency as well as knowledge and skills, for individuals and communities to be able to make genuine contributions to the world, intellectually, socially and economically. As Course Tutor you will contribute to the delivery of academic standards. You will help maintain stimulating and nurturing learning and research environments for students and colleagues alike. You will actively link cultures and methods of research to practice, and practice to research. You will help build the international reputation of the course and enhance professional, academic and research partnerships. In this 1-year fixed term role, the post-holder will contribute to a strategic priority to develop the course's curriculum in terms of diversity, internationalism and digital technology. Why choose us? University of the Arts London is a vibrant world centre for innovation, drawing together six Colleges with international reputations in art, design, fashion, communication and performing arts. The reputation of Central Saint Martins stems from the creative energy of its staff and students and the stellar achievements of its graduates nationally and internationally. Students and staff are continually alert to fresh challenge; they are curious and restless in developing beyond the expected norms of their subject and discipline.  Your profile Candidates should have a strong record of teaching, research and professional practice in their subject specialism. A postgraduate qualification in curating, history of art and design and/or cultural studies and analysis is essential (PhD desirable). You will have experience as a curator or project manager in the public and/or private sectors; of curriculum development; and you may be an inspired and innovative teacher. In return, University of the Arts London offers generous leave, an attractive pension and a commitment to your continuing personal development and training in an environment that encourages excellence, creativity and diversity. Relocation assistance is available. Closing date: 6 January 2019. At UAL, everyone's identity matters. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive environment for all our diverse students, staff, and the creative and cultural sector partners with whom we engage. We aim to take every opportunity to progress equality and diversity, and celebrate the enrichment this brings to our community. Candidates are advised to submit applications early to avoid disappointment as we reserve the right to close vacancies prior to the advertised closing date. "	"St. Martins, Shropshire, UK"	"Media, Education"	NA	"38010.00 - 45603.00 Annual pro rata (22,806.00 - 27,361.80) GBP"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"UNIVERSITY OF THE ARTS LONDON"	"JS3573_6811688/576324125"	"02/12/2018 07:03:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GlCPN"	"Graduate"
"Key Stage 1 NQT in Birmingham"	""	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Key Stage 1 NQT in Birmingham"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description Monarch Education is a recruitment organisation looking to recruit an NQT for a Year 5 class. This is a Full time position starting in January for the rest of the academic year at a Primary School located Birmingham.Within the role you will be responsible for a whole class and some of your responsibilities will include: *Setting clear targets to be reached whilst creating a high level of interest and participation*Monitoring pupil's development, strengths and weaknesses and setting targets for progress.*Identifying the needs of individuals and groups within the class, taking note of individual education plans and liaising with the SENCO as required.*Building good relationships with pupils and other members of school staff*Creating and maintaining a safe learning environment which supports the learning of all pupils. *Working with a child's strengths and weaknesses to support their development and progress.We have worked with this school for several years and the people we have previously placed with them have commented on the amount of support available from the senior leadership team. They are a strong driving force within the school and will offer you plenty of opportunity to progress your career with them.You must have:*Previous experience of working in a Primary School*Have a relevant Teacher qualification (QTS)At Monarch Education we will strive to always accommodate and support you whilst you work with us. We will endeavour to process your registration as swiftly as possible, so we can get you out to work as soon as possible. We have training workshops to help you develop, and a dedicated consultant will be available to you, to look after and assist you with any questions or concerns. At Monarch Education we are committed in safeguarding and promoting the interests and welfare of the children, and we expect all our staff to help share this commitment with us. Every job role offered is contingent on a valid DBS and the provision of two valid and satisfactory references."	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	NA	"Monarch Education"	"Monarch Education"	"JS522B8908/591393096"	"01/12/2018 11:09:32"	"http://www.jobserve.com/Gkzzw"	NA
"Autism Support - Blackpool Primary"	"GBP"	"Blackpool, Lancashire"	"Permanent"	"Autism Support - Blackpool Primary"	"Blackpool, Lancashire - GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	"Job Description 1:1 SEN Support Assistant - Autism Experience required.Are you an Autism experienced Teaching Assistant who is looking to make a difference in a mainstream primary school supporting a child on a 1:1 basis?Can you manage challenging behaviour and ensure progress is made on a daily basis?Are you a Level 3 qualified teaching assistant with prior experience with children who are working well behind expected age related levels?If you have answered YES to all of the above questions then you may be the perfect candidate for the current position I am looking to appoint for.Specification:A Level 3 qualified Teaching Assistant who has the drive and commitment to raising standards in the class room, specifically supporting an individual child who is diagnosed with Autism. You will have to be flexible in supporting a child with challenging behaviour and extreme mood swings. You will have to be experienced in working alongside children who are low functioning; with a special mention on communication skills and ensuring the child is able to access the Curriculum on their level. You will be well supported by the class teacher and the dedicated SENCO in school, you will meet with them regularly to ensure all the needs of the child are met and that you are planning for progression. The SENCO in school works closely with the child's Education Plan and will liaise with the parents, informing them of the child's progress and behaviour.The expected working hours are 0 each day. The role will be 5 days a week!The child will be arriving in school from January 2019 and the SENCO is preparing for him to arrive and making plans for the school meeting his individual needs.The school have asked for the applying candidates to be L3 qualified.They have also asked for candidates who have good experiences working with MAKATON on basic signing as well as visual timetables.The Head teacher is also keen to meet individuals who have at least 12 months experience working in a mainstream or SEN provision. This will be essential as the needs of the child are very complexed. In order to be successful at this role, the candidate will need to be thick skinned and be able to work effectively with challenging behaviour and at times aggressive behaviour.In the last twelve months, Teaching Personnel have supported a good number of client schools with SEN support. There are more children who are being granted Education Plans and funding which allows schools to spend money directly on the support of individual children - meaning.All applicants will require the appropriate qualifications and training for this role. All pay rates quoted will be inclusive of 12.07% statutory holiday pay.Teaching Personnel is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates must undertake or have undertaken a valid enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check. Full assistance provided. "	"Blackpool, Lancashire, UK"	"Healthcare"	NA	"GBP"	"Teaching Personnel"	"Teaching Personnel"	"JS63BCD0E5/590130821"	"01/12/2018 09:12:15"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxU6"	NA
"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"Birmingham - 28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" Do you like working in a challenging, but rewarding environment where each day is different and time flies?Would you like to make a difference in the future of a vulnerable adult?Have you ever thought of a career in prison education? HMP Birmingham's education department is looking for an experienced Functional Skills Maths and English Programme/Curriculum Manager to join their Milton Keynes College Offender Learning team to enhance the delivery of our Functional Skills Maths and English courses. As Functional Skills Maths and English Programme Manager you will be dedicated to delivering learning success, through effective leadership within our Maths and English programme. The vacancy would suit a highly motivated Programme/Curriculum Manager that specialises in Functional Skills Maths and English and has a positive can-do approach to education and the success of their students. The ideal candidate will have experience and success in their knowledge of Maths and English and experience managing a team.Main responsibilities for this role: Support teachers to action poor attendance and liaise with the Deputy Manager Data to report on poor attendance. Be aware of courses starting and ending each week and ensure that enrolments and completions are actioned and submitted in a timely manner. Ensure that Exams are scheduled and that resits are planned promptly as and when appropriate. Ensure all schemes of work are in place and match qualification criteria and support staff in the implementation and delivery of the scheme of work. Track teaching hours of all members of staff ensure they are not under or over delivering Ensure all display is relevant, personalised to learners, in date and in line with policy Update the staff board as necessary with daily reminders/regime/issues Track all DD time and ensure that it is used effectively Review the learning environment to ensure that it is clean tidy and free from risk Update the weekly predicted success spreadsheet for the English, maths & ESOL outcomes Regularly feedback to staff to ensure that everyone understands the direction of the department, what the next steps are, and how to improve. Accurately communicate any changes. To meet regularly with the English, maths and ESOL team and hold effective strand meetings.  Programme Manager - Functional Skills Maths and EnglishLocation: HMP Birmingham, B18 4ASHours: 37 hours per week, 52 weeks per yearSalary: £28,940 - £34,327 per annumClosing date: 17th December 2018Interview Date: 19th December 2018£2,000 Uplift available and reduction in normal timetabled teaching hours availableMilton Keynes College Rewards: 35 days annual leave, 3 additional days leave for Christmas to New Year closure and UK Bank Holidays Amazing discounts with NUS card or Blue Light Card, ranging from Eating Out, Shopping and Fashion, Health and Fitness, Music, Technology, Travel and Entertainment Access to an employee wellbeing platform with options to book free activities such as yoga, relaxation, boot camp, personal training and a health and wellbeing news hub Access to Teachers Pension Scheme with generous employer contributions Tax free childcare scheme Access to Continued Professional Development, including professional qualifications and a variety of training courses Save up to 32% off all bikes through our Cycle To Work Scheme 24 hours per day, 365 days per year Employee Assistant Support Programme Plus many more   About HMP Birmingham: Milton Keynes College operates on three sites within HMP Birmingham, East Education, West Education, and Vocational Training workshops, offering education to both mainstream and vulnerable prisoners.  The education department is made up of a 7 person management team, overseeing 4 strand areas, Functional Skills, Vocational Training, Personal and Social Development and Outreach. We offer Functional Skills in both Maths and English, ESOL, IT, Business, Hospitality, Barbering, Sports and Fitness, Employability Skills, Kick Start in Business, Art, Hospitality, Mentoring, Interpersonal Skills, Equality and Diversity, Electrical, Bench Joinery, Plastering, Car Valeting, Waste Management and Industrial Cleaning. We offer courses from Pre Entry right through to Level 2. Education Programmes are developed in partnership with the prison to offer a responsive and relevant curriculum, which includes work experience and work opportunities within the Establishment.  Our vision here at HMP Birmingham is to offer an outstanding education to enable effective and purposeful resettlement for all learners on release.\" \"Using Time, not Doing Time.\"  We want to make a difference to disadvantaged learners, to show that everyone has the potential to achieve and everyone deserves another chance, and the right support at the right time can be the difference in breaking the reoffending cycle.As a successful candidate you will: Have a minimum of level 2 in English & maths with a level 3 in the area of subject specialism. Be a qualified teacher with experience of delivery in the curriculum area. Possess a proven experience of managing a curriculum area. Have the ability to problem solve and find solutions that meet the need of the team and ensure customer satisfaction. Have commercial awareness to protect income streams and identify new opportunities. Possess the ability to analyse data and draw conclusions from information to inform interventions. Possess the ability to produce high-quality reports to senior managers. Have a high level of teaching expertise to ensure support provided to staff is relevant and effective. Have a can-do attitude and a willingness to work collaboratively to support improvement. Have experience of working with Ofsted and improving outcomes of English, maths & ESOL provision (Desirable) Have a good working knowledge of the main Microsoft applications including Excel. Possess experience of working with Awarding Organisations and knowledge of the regulations around examinations and assessment. (Desirable) Understanding the necessary employability skills required in the current UK economy. Evidence of providing high-quality effective programmes leading to outstanding success. Experience in data analysis. Experience in identifying, developing and sharing resources focused on teaching and learning. Experience in working with students who may have little experience of education and training (desirable). The requirement of this role is to work across the whole prison estate, on all wings where education is delivered.  More about the College: Milton Keynes College is proud to be an open and inclusive general Further Education College welcoming learners of all levels and delivering an exceptional educational experience. The College offers a broad range of qualifications with more than 3, - 18-year-old Full time students studying traditional A Levels, vocational courses, apprenticeships and Higher Education. In addition, the College delivers employability and key skills training programmes to 3,000 people in local community learning centres and is one of the largest providers of Offender Learning in England, working with 27 prisons across the East Midlands, South Central and West Midlands. Milton Keynes College is a committed safer recruitment employer. We take extreme care in ensuring the safety and welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. All positions, therefore, undergo a stringent vetting process to include DBS for all positions."	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"milton keynes college"	"milton keynes college"	"JS4513_68084/582523634"	"01/12/2018 09:05:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxIZ"	NA
"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Birmingham"	"Permanent"	"Programme Manager - Maths and English"	"Birmingham - 28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"Permanent"	"Posted: Saturday, 1 December 2018"	""	" Do you like working in a challenging, but rewarding environment where each day is different and time flies?Would you like to make a difference in the future of a vulnerable adult?Have you ever thought of a career in prison education? HMP Birmingham's education department is looking for an experienced Functional Skills Maths and English Programme/Curriculum Manager to join their Milton Keynes College Offender Learning team to enhance the delivery of our Functional Skills Maths and English courses. As Functional Skills Maths and English Programme Manager you will be dedicated to delivering learning success, through effective leadership within our Maths and English programme. The vacancy would suit a highly motivated Programme/Curriculum Manager that specialises in Functional Skills Maths and English and has a positive can-do approach to education and the success of their students. The ideal candidate will have experience and success in their knowledge of Maths and English and experience managing a team.Main responsibilities for this role: Support teachers to action poor attendance and liaise with the Deputy Manager Data to report on poor attendance. Be aware of courses starting and ending each week and ensure that enrolments and completions are actioned and submitted in a timely manner. Ensure that Exams are scheduled and that resits are planned promptly as and when appropriate. Ensure all schemes of work are in place and match qualification criteria and support staff in the implementation and delivery of the scheme of work. Track teaching hours of all members of staff ensure they are not under or over delivering Ensure all display is relevant, personalised to learners, in date and in line with policy Update the staff board as necessary with daily reminders/regime/issues Track all DD time and ensure that it is used effectively Review the learning environment to ensure that it is clean tidy and free from risk Update the weekly predicted success spreadsheet for the English, maths & ESOL outcomes Regularly feedback to staff to ensure that everyone understands the direction of the department, what the next steps are, and how to improve. Accurately communicate any changes. To meet regularly with the English, maths and ESOL team and hold effective strand meetings.  Programme Manager - Functional Skills Maths and EnglishLocation: HMP Birmingham, B18 4ASHours: 37 hours per week, 52 weeks per yearSalary: £28,940 - £34,327 per annumClosing date: 17th December 2018Interview Date: 19th December 2018£2,000 Uplift available and reduction in normal timetabled teaching hours availableMilton Keynes College Rewards: 35 days annual leave, 3 additional days leave for Christmas to New Year closure and UK Bank Holidays Amazing discounts with NUS card or Blue Light Card, ranging from Eating Out, Shopping and Fashion, Health and Fitness, Music, Technology, Travel and Entertainment Access to an employee wellbeing platform with options to book free activities such as yoga, relaxation, boot camp, personal training and a health and wellbeing news hub Access to Teachers Pension Scheme with generous employer contributions Tax free childcare scheme Access to Continued Professional Development, including professional qualifications and a variety of training courses Save up to 32% off all bikes through our Cycle To Work Scheme 24 hours per day, 365 days per year Employee Assistant Support Programme Plus many more   About HMP Birmingham: Milton Keynes College operates on three sites within HMP Birmingham, East Education, West Education, and Vocational Training workshops, offering education to both mainstream and vulnerable prisoners.  The education department is made up of a 7 person management team, overseeing 4 strand areas, Functional Skills, Vocational Training, Personal and Social Development and Outreach. We offer Functional Skills in both Maths and English, ESOL, IT, Business, Hospitality, Barbering, Sports and Fitness, Employability Skills, Kick Start in Business, Art, Hospitality, Mentoring, Interpersonal Skills, Equality and Diversity, Electrical, Bench Joinery, Plastering, Car Valeting, Waste Management and Industrial Cleaning. We offer courses from Pre Entry right through to Level 2. Education Programmes are developed in partnership with the prison to offer a responsive and relevant curriculum, which includes work experience and work opportunities within the Establishment.  Our vision here at HMP Birmingham is to offer an outstanding education to enable effective and purposeful resettlement for all learners on release.\" \"Using Time, not Doing Time.\"  We want to make a difference to disadvantaged learners, to show that everyone has the potential to achieve and everyone deserves another chance, and the right support at the right time can be the difference in breaking the reoffending cycle.As a successful candidate you will: Have a minimum of level 2 in English & maths with a level 3 in the area of subject specialism. Be a qualified teacher with experience of delivery in the curriculum area. Possess a proven experience of managing a curriculum area. Have the ability to problem solve and find solutions that meet the need of the team and ensure customer satisfaction. Have commercial awareness to protect income streams and identify new opportunities. Possess the ability to analyse data and draw conclusions from information to inform interventions. Possess the ability to produce high-quality reports to senior managers. Have a high level of teaching expertise to ensure support provided to staff is relevant and effective. Have a can-do attitude and a willingness to work collaboratively to support improvement. Have experience of working with Ofsted and improving outcomes of English, maths & ESOL provision (Desirable) Have a good working knowledge of the main Microsoft applications including Excel. Possess experience of working with Awarding Organisations and knowledge of the regulations around examinations and assessment. (Desirable) Understanding the necessary employability skills required in the current UK economy. Evidence of providing high-quality effective programmes leading to outstanding success. Experience in data analysis. Experience in identifying, developing and sharing resources focused on teaching and learning. Experience in working with students who may have little experience of education and training (desirable). The requirement of this role is to work across the whole prison estate, on all wings where education is delivered.  More about the College: Milton Keynes College is proud to be an open and inclusive general Further Education College welcoming learners of all levels and delivering an exceptional educational experience. The College offers a broad range of qualifications with more than 3, - 18-year-old Full time students studying traditional A Levels, vocational courses, apprenticeships and Higher Education. In addition, the College delivers employability and key skills training programmes to 3,000 people in local community learning centres and is one of the largest providers of Offender Learning in England, working with 27 prisons across the East Midlands, South Central and West Midlands. Milton Keynes College is a committed safer recruitment employer. We take extreme care in ensuring the safety and welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults. All positions, therefore, undergo a stringent vetting process to include DBS for all positions."	"Birmingham, UK"	"Education"	NA	"28940.00 - 34327.00 Annual GBP"	"milton keynes college"	"milton keynes college"	"JS4513_68084/582523634"	"01/12/2018 09:05:00"	"http://www.jobserve.com/GkxIZ"	NA
